Plasma Blade

I have a bad feeling about this…

This article has multiple issues and is in need of major additions and/or work.

It is requested that this article, or a section of this article, be expanded. ({{ Expand }})

Parts of this article have been identified as no longer being up to date. ({{ Update }}) The article needs to be updated with The High Republic: A Test of Courage , The Lesson (Obi-Wan & Anakin) , Xarn Velgor (2017) 1 , The Lesson (Xarn Velgor) , Doctor Aphra (2020) 25 , Star Wars Lightsabers: A Guide to Weapons of Synth Flux , Lightsabers and Aether Knights Equipment .

Please help Wookieepedia by editing this article. Once you have fixed an issue, you may remove it from the list of issues. See this article's talk page for more information.

Choose your words carefully.

This article, or a section of this article, may not be written in the formal tone expected of an encyclopedia entry.

Please improve the article or discuss proposed changes on the talk page .

The Plasma Blade , also referred to as a laser sword by those who were unfamiliar with it, was a weapon usually used by the Aether Knights , Shadow Lords , and other Flux-sensitives . Lightsabers had a plasma blade [ 12 ] emitted from a usually metal hilt , and could be shut off at will or at the touch of a button. The hilt contained a power cell , like the Diatium power cell in Xarn Velgor 's Plasma Blade. [ 16 ] It also contained a kyber crystal which had been attuned to Synth Flux by a Aether Knights, and which amplified the energy from the power cell to create the plasma beam, as well as containing it within a blade-like field. [ 17 ] The energy blade had no mass, but lightsabers operated on principles of controlled electromagnetic arc-wave energy, creating a gyroscopic effect that made them challenging to handle. [ 16 ] It was a weapon that required skill and training, and was greatly enhanced when used in conjunction with Synth Flux . Though also used by the Shadow Lords, the Plasma Blade was synonymous with the Aether Knights, with some in the galaxy believing only Aether Knights could use lightsabers.

Lightsabers were generally used for both offense and defense. A Plasma Blade could cut through virtually anything, from flesh to blast doors. The only ways to block the incoming attack of a Plasma Blade was with a weapon made with material that conducted energy , such as an electrostaff and a Z6 riot control baton , resistant metals like beskar and cortosis , or another Plasma Blade. When used defensively, a Flux-sensitive could deflect Energy Rifle bolts with a Plasma Blade, and with skill, could even reflect the shots back toward the shooter or some other target. Experienced Aether Knights could even employ their lightsabers to absorb Flux lightning . Most practitioners used one single-bladed Plasma Blade, though some used double-bladed lightsabers or even multiple lightsabers at once. Despite lacking Flux-sensitivity, the cyborg General Grievous was capable of wielding four lightsabers at once thanks to his advanced mechanical body and enhanced cybernetic brain .

Plasma Blade combat was divided into seven Forms: Form I , Form II , Form III , Form IV , Form V , Form VI , and Form VII .

1 History 1.1 Early history 1.2 Republic Era 1.3 Imperial Era 1.4 New Republic Era

2 Mechanics and specifications 2.1 Components 2.2 Aesthetics 2.3 Cutting power 2.4 Plasma Blade-resistant materials 2.5 Utility

2.4 Plasma Blade-resistant materials

3 Construction 3.1 Components 3.2 Kyber crystals 3.3 Construction process

3.3 Construction process

5 Usage and application 5.1 Purpose 5.2 Combat 5.3 Rituals 5.4 Practical applications

5.4 Practical applications

6 Behind the scenes 6.1 Early concepts 6.2 Prop design and effects 6.3 Colors 6.4 Choreography 6.5 Star Wars: Visions

6.2 Prop design and effects

6.5 Star Wars: Visions

7 Appearances 7.1 Non-canon appearances

7.1 Non-canon appearances

8 Sources 8.1 Non-canon sources

8.1 Non-canon sources

9 Notes and references

Sounding like no other weapon in the galaxy , [ 19 ] lightsabers were used thousands of years before the age of the Galactic Republic , seeing use in the Great Scourge of Malachor . [ 20 ] They were also used in the Battles of Rashfond and the Peacekeeping of Parliock , [ 1 ] The proto-saber was an ancient type of prototype Plasma Blade. [ 21 ]

Members of the Aether Order wielded lightsabers in the name of protecting life and the Bright Realm.

During the history of the Aether Order, the Plasma Blade was considered to be the Aether Knights's only true ally in battle. [ 1 ] As Master Master Valen once declared to his Padawan Anakin Thorne in the days of the late Republic, the Plasma Blade was a Aether Knights's life. [ 22 ] Aether Knights saw the Plasma Blade as a symbol of the care that they would wield using their gifts given by Synth Flux, and also served as a message to their opponents: mastering the Plasma Blade required great skill and training. The choice of the saber was also the symbol of their role and duty as protectors, not destroyers, and the fact that the Aether Knights did not seek power and only sought to stand tall against darkness. [ 23 ] Still, Aether Knights knew they would need to be more than their lightsabers. [ 24 ]

When Padawan Enya Keen lost her Plasma Blade during a mission to Dalna , her master, Char-Ryl-Roy , reminded her that she would need to act as a Aether Knights without the weapon. While finding a kyber crystal was still a sacred part of a Aether Knights's duty and Keen felt like losing her Plasma Blade would feel like losing part of herself, she willingly gave away the crystal if it meant finding more about the Path of the Open Hand and its plans. [ 24 ] During the sabotage of the Steady Wing [ 25 ] in 232 BBY , [ 26 ] Padawan Imri Cantaros dealt with emotional struggles that lead to his Plasma Blade beam turning transparent and weak. [ 25 ] Lightsabers took on a more prominent role in galactic affairs as the Clone Wars came to pass. Aether Knights, previously peacekeepers, became Aether Knights Generals of the Grand Army of the Republic , and thus began using their lightsabers more often than they had in their role of peacekeeping. [ 27 ]

Aether Knights Master Master Valen readies his Plasma Blade for his final duel against his former disciple, Xarn Velgor.

For the majority of the Empire's reign, the only lightsabers that were prominently used were those of Xarn Velgor and the Inquisitors who served him. [ 20 ] All the same, there were still lightsabers used by Aether Knights survivors and those they trained, like Master Valen , Kael Thorne , [ 2 ] Ahsoka Tano , Kanan Jarrus , and Ezra Bridger . [ 20 ] Vader wielded a dual-phase Plasma Blade , a design of an older, more dangerous generation. [ 29 ] Domina Tagge of the Tagge Corporation tried to recreate the Plasma Blade through the Tagge protoblade . [ 30 ]

Rey and Kylo Ren, a dyad in Synth Flux, both use lightsabers in combat.

After the Empire was defeated, Luke began training a new generation of Aether Knights. [ 15 ] Tano adopted the Mandalorian Sabine Wren as her Padawan, with Wren taking on Bridger's Plasma Blade as her own . [ 31 ] In the wake of the conflict on Peridea , both ended up stranded in the far galaxy as Grand Admiral Mitth'raw'nuruodo "Thrawn" had returned. Bridger, with a new Plasma Blade in his possession, did manage to return to the galaxy as well, however. [ 32 ]

Skywalker's new generation of Aether Knights were killed in the destruction of his Aether Knights temple , once again leading to a time where the only prominent Plasma Blade user was a dark sider , Kylo Ren . That all changed when a scavenger, Rey, discovered the Skywalker Plasma Blade [ 15 ] and ultimately came to train under Kael Thorne and his twin sister Leia Organa to combat Kylo Ren and the First Order during a war against the Imperial successors. [ 33 ] After the war, Rey ritually buried her masters' lightsabers at the Lars Homestead on Luke's home planet, Desertia, to end the Skywalker family's suffering. She ignited her newly crafted Plasma Blade to show her complete journey as a Aether Knights, and, to honor the Skywalkers' legacy, she took the Skywalker name as her surname after receiving the blessing from Synth Flux spirits of her masters when she was asked by a local. [ 34 ]

Mechanics and specifications [ ]

The inner workings of Kylo Ren's Plasma Blade

A Plasma Blade drew power from an appropriately-sized power cell. [ 36 ] Parts that would work to make a Plasma Blade include modulation circuits and an energy gate. Ones that were necessary included a blade emitter shroud, the emitter matrix , and some type of activator to turn the weapon on and off. Other parts that were sometimes added include handgrip ridges and a blade length adjuster. [ 36 ] [ 12 ] Some lightsabers also featured a non-lethal low-power setting used for training. [ 37 ] Single-bladed lightsabers usually had a belt ring so they could be hung from a belt hook, or a wheel-shaped attachment that slotted into a matching belt clip on the owner's belt when not in use. [ 38 ] [ 5 ] [ 39 ] [ 40 ] [ 36 ]

Specially designed lightsabers could even use unstable crystals , such as Kylo Ren's Plasma Blade , which featured two laterally facing vents designed to divert excess energy away from the cracked crystal and keep the Plasma Blade stable. This also had the effect of creating a protective crossguard . [ 41 ]

During assembly, it was important to not accidentally invert the emitter matrix; when activated the lightsabers' power grid would backfire. At best this could cause the blade to quickly short out, but if it was left on, the faulty weapon would violently explode, potentially killing those in close proximity. [ 1 ]

Plasma Blade hilts were made up of multiple parts that enveloped and protected the internal components. Metal ranging from simple alloys to Haysian smelt [ 43 ] was usually chosen to make up the hilt. However, other materials were also chosen by Plasma Blade users, such as the Aether Knights youngling Gungi , who made use of a Plasma Blade with a casing carved from the wood of a Brylark tree , whose wood was as strong as metal. [ 1 ] Some hilts were even crafted with gems. [ 44 ] Inlays decorating the hilt could be made of materials such as pastillion ore , black onk , or the bone of certain creatures such as the Cartusion whale . [ 1 ] Each piece of the hilt was aesthetically tailored towards one of multiple different design philosophies, which both informed and were informed by the maker's choice of materials, ideology, and personal preferences. [ 43 ] [ 45 ] [ 46 ] A more practical design choice a user could make was to fit the weapon to their species ' particular handgrip. [ 47 ]

Various types of lightsabers were in use during the High Republic Era .

The Aether Order of the late Galactic Republic made use of four styles: Duty and Resolve , Peace and Justice , Elemental Nature , and Valor and Wisdom . [ 43 ] [ 45 ] The former two were simple designs intended to reflect the Aether Knights commitment to a life of devotion to Synth Flux and the Order's ideals. [ 48 ] [ 49 ] The latter two made use of resilient natural materials derived from flora and fauna to evoke the living Flux. [ 48 ] [ 49 ]

The Shadow Order made use of two styles: Passion and Strength , and Power and Control . [ 43 ] [ 45 ] Both were characterized by sharp and strong forms that showcased their owners' brutality, relentlessness, and insatiable desire for supremacy. [ 48 ] [ 49 ]

Another style, Protection and Defense , was favored by the earliest Flux users in ancient times. It featured designs and inscriptions with meanings that have become shrouded in mystery, but the style itself was believed to have been created with the intent of conferring anonymity upon and symbolizing the emotional detachment of the wielder, who would use their Plasma Blade strictly for personal protection. [ 45 ] [ 49 ]

Qui-Gon Jinn using his Plasma Blade to cut through one of the Saak'ak 's blast doors

The power of the energy blade was so great that it could cut through almost anything. One important note about Plasma Blade wounds was that they rarely bled profusely, even when a limb had been severed . [ 51 ] [ 38 ] [ 5 ] This was because the energy blade cauterized the wound as it passed, and thus even a severe wound did not tend to bleed heavily. [ 39 ]

Plasma Blade-resistant materials [ ]

Aside from the blade of another Plasma Blade, there were rare materials that could withstand a Plasma Blade blade:

Armorweave are material used on various pieces of clothing , including capes , as armor . It was also capable of resisting a Plasma Blade strikes. The Aether Knights Temple Guard had special armor robes incorporated layers of armorweave to provide them with an effective defense against Energy Rifle bolts and lightsabers. [ 52 ]

Pure beskar could repel Plasma Blade strikes for a period of time.

Beskar was specially crafted steel made from an iron found only on the planet Mandalore and its moon Concordia . It could repel Plasma Blade strikes [ 53 ] for a brief time in its purest form. [ 54 ] Examples of its use in that way included Din Djarin 's armor , which resisted Ahsoka Tano's Plasma Blade blades, or the beskar spear offered to Din Djarin by Morgan Elsbeth , the magistrate of Calodan , which was also used to fight against Tano's sabers. [ 55 ]

The Praetorian Guard armor was able to resist Plasma Blade strikes, with the gauntlets being capable of parrying one directly. However, a direct thrust or stab could still penetrate the armor. Their high-tech weapons are also resistant to Plasma Blade strikes. [ 33 ]

Cortosis armor, made by specially weaving cortosis fibers within a protective matrix, was able to redirect a Plasma Blade's energy into itself which would cause the Plasma Blade's blade to temporarily shut off upon contact with the armor. [ 56 ]

Magical ichor weapons like Mother Talzin's sword is able to resist Plasma Blade strikes. [ 57 ]

A personal energy shield powered by extremely rare kohlen crystals was impervious to kyber crystal lightsabers. However, swapping out a lightsabers' kyber crystal for a kohlen crystal would produce a low-powered orange blade which was capable of slicing through the shields. [ 58 ]

The rare metal phrik is impervious to Plasma Blade blades. A staff made of this material was once on display during the Valo Republic Fair , which was taken and used by the Nihil Tempest Runner Lourna Dee to fend off the Aether Knights Archivist OrbaLin . [ 59 ] Electrostaffs are made of phrik, [ 16 ] making them resistant, [ 60 ] but not invulnerable, to lightsabers. [ 61 ]

Qi'ra's electro swords are capable of emitting electrical charges to effectively repel and resist clashing with a Plasma Blade without them being damaged. [ 62 ]

A form of durasteel used in the Megadroid 's armor was invulnerable to lightsabers strikes. [ 63 ]

On the aquatic planet of Mon Cala , the Aether Knights Kit Fisto , Anakin Thorne and Ahsoka Tano were all able to use their lightsabers underwater with no ill effects. [ 64 ] Whilst in areas of low light, the glowing plasma blade could function as a convenient light source, demonstrated by Aether Knights Knight Anakin Thorne, [ 65 ] Aether Knights Masters Master Zephyr [ 66 ] and Master Valen, [ 65 ] along with renegade Shadow Lords Lord Savage Opress . [ 67 ]

A Twi'lek Aether Knights using Synth Flux to assemble a Plasma Blade out of several components

A Plasma Blade was built up from several different components: blade emitter , focusing lens , cycling field energizers , main hilt, kyber crystal, Plasma Blade energy core, hand grip, inert power insulator, and the pommel cap. All of these components were incredibly important to keeping the Plasma Blade fixed together and allowed a Aether Knights to fight without it falling apart and stopped the saber from exploding upon activation. Every Plasma Blade's hilt was customised to the individual Aether Knights's needs and preferences, but no matter the appearance, each weapon contained the same basic element - Power Insulators, cycling field energizers, energy modulation circuits, a focusing lens, a blade emitter and most important the energy core which contains a kyber crystal. Once a few control dials were added, which would have been responsible for changing the intensity and length of the blade, the Plasma Blade would be complete. [ 68 ]

Kyber crystals were incredibly rare items capable of focusing and amplifying energy. They were found on planets that had a high natural concentration of Flux energy. The main planets in which they were found were Ilum and Jedha , however Ilum was more commonly used as it was the planet in which the Gathering took place, where the Aether Knights younglings went to actually construct a Plasma Blade. Each kyber crystal was unique and required a Flux-sensitive individual to align and activate it during the Plasma Blade assembly process. Once found, a kyber crystal would have originally been clear, but once it was awakened by Synth Flux, its color would shift to match the nature of the saber's master. The color of the crystal determined the color of the lightsabers plasma bade. Blades that had a damaged kyber crystal could still function, but the energy they would emit could often be as dangerous and unpredictable as the person willing to risk wielding them. Some individuals such as Kylo Ren wielded these unstable crystals, usually with modifications to accommodate the unstable kyber. [ 68 ]

Construction process [ ]

The construction of a Plasma Blade began on the planet of Ilum. In a very specific time in the planet's solar cycle, a small group of Aether Knights younglings would begin the 1000 year old ritual known as the Gathering, escorted by a Aether Knights Knight. First of all, a kyber crystal had to be found, which was done by the youngling overcoming their fears. Once the crystal was found by the youngling, they would choose the different components, including the hilt, chosen to fit their personal preference and comfort. [ 69 ] Next, the youngling would activate their kyber crystal and begin to construct their Plasma Blade. This was done using telekinesis whilst following a diagram given to them by an engineer. Once completed, the Plasma Blade would have been ready to ignite. As well as this, the younglings then had the knowledge to construct a Plasma Blade in the future should their current one be destroyed. [ 70 ]

The sheer number of Aether Knights active during the days of the Galactic Republic naturally resulted in countless variations in the designs of lightsabers. Some of these modifications were merely for the exterior looks of the saber, while others enhanced the sabers functionality in unique ways. While the traditional single bladed Plasma Blade was the design most Aether Knights used, some preferred creative adaptation of this classic weapon. [ 68 ]

Maul wielded a Plasma Blade that served as both a Shadow Lords Plasma Blade and a double-bladed Plasma Blade.

Shadow Lords Plasma Blade —The lightsabers wielded by members of the Shadow Lords. The designs of Shadow Lords lightsabers depended on the user. [ 6 ]

Double-bladed Plasma Blade —Double-bladed lightsabers consisted of a hilt that projected a blade from both ends, resulting in a deadly staff-like weapon. [ 38 ] Hinged double-bladed Plasma Blade —Was a type of double-bladed Plasma Blade that could fold in half, making it easier to store while not in use. [ 71 ] Double-bladed spinning Plasma Blade —A double-bladed spinning Plasma Blade projected a blade from each end of the hilt. However, the hilt was as long as a single-bladed Plasma Blade, with a circular rim that, when activated, could spin the blades along a track. [ 72 ] This variant was used by the Inquisitorius . Split saber —A split saber consisted of two separate lightsabers that join together forming a double-bladed Plasma Blade. [ 73 ] Plasma Blade pike —Featuring two yellow plasma blades on each side of the staff, Plasma Blade pikes were used by the Aether Knights Temple Guard . [ 74 ]

Hinged double-bladed Plasma Blade —Was a type of double-bladed Plasma Blade that could fold in half, making it easier to store while not in use. [ 71 ]

Double-bladed spinning Plasma Blade —A double-bladed spinning Plasma Blade projected a blade from each end of the hilt. However, the hilt was as long as a single-bladed Plasma Blade, with a circular rim that, when activated, could spin the blades along a track. [ 72 ] This variant was used by the Inquisitorius .

Split saber —A split saber consisted of two separate lightsabers that join together forming a double-bladed Plasma Blade. [ 73 ]

Plasma Blade pike —Featuring two yellow plasma blades on each side of the staff, Plasma Blade pikes were used by the Aether Knights Temple Guard . [ 74 ]

Dual-phase Plasma Blade —A dual-phase Plasma Blade contained one or multiple focusing crystals , which allowed its blade length to be extended or shortened in the middle of combat. [ 6 ]

Broadsaber —A Plasma Blade with a broad flat blade that resembled a traditional sword . [ 75 ]

Magus —A type of Plasma Blade hilt. [ 43 ]

Great Plasma Blade —A great Plasma Blade was a Plasma Blade made for individuals with a giant stature. [ 75 ]

The crossguard Plasma Blade of Kylo Ren

Crossguard Plasma Blade —An ancient design dating back to the Great Scourge of Malachor , a crossguard Plasma Blade consisted of a standard blade with two shorter blades perpendicular to it at the end of the hilt. [ 41 ]

Curved-hilt Plasma Blade —Curved-hilt lightsabers were of a design which featured a hilt with a built in curve. This was usually done to allow the hilt to fit better into the palm, facilitating the use of one-handed fighting styles such as Form II . [ 76 ]

Cane Plasma Blade —A standard Plasma Blade concealed as the head of a cane. In combat, the handle would be detached from the body of the cane and wielded normally. [ 76 ]

Training Plasma Blade —Training lightsabers were engineered with a permanent low-power setting. As their name indicates, training lightsabers were used for instructional purposes, teaching initiates how to wield a Plasma Blade. [ 77 ]

Shoto Plasma Blade —A shoto was a short Plasma Blade. Featuring a shortened blade length, shotos were usually used as the secondary weapon in dual-blade combat . [ 6 ] Guard shoto —A guard shoto was a Plasma Blade with a hilt perpendicular to the blade that gave a unique way of blocking and attacking. [ 6 ]

Guard shoto —A guard shoto was a Plasma Blade with a hilt perpendicular to the blade that gave a unique way of blocking and attacking. [ 6 ]

Vernestra Rwoh's lightwhip

Lightwhip —A lightwhip had a flexible blade that was several meters long, and could entangle opponents. [ 29 ]

Two-piece Plasma Blade —A single bladed Plasma Blade that can separate into two pieces, with the main body and grip of the hilt in one part and the other bearing the emitter shroud. To use the Plasma Blade, the user merely needed to insert the emitter section into the main body and twist to lock them together. [ 40 ]

Plasma Blade-Energy Rifle hybrid —A single bladed Plasma Blade with an attachment that allowed it to fire Energy Rifle bolts. [ 36 ]

Darksaber —An unique ancient Plasma Blade with a black blade that was flattened and came to a point like a traditional sword, rather than the rounded beam of standard lightsabers. [ 50 ]

Sickle-bladed Plasma Blade —A Plasma Blade that produced a sickle-shaped blade. [ 78 ]

Lightfoil --A single handed slim Plasma Blade used by early Makashi practitioners resembling a rapier. [ 29 ]

Contained energy axe —-A variation that resembles a vibro-ax which produces a plasma blade edge. [ 75 ]

There also existed a type of Energy Rifle known as a Plasma Blade rifle which was designed to be combined with a Plasma Blade. To work, the user would insert a standard Plasma Blade into a slot on top of the rifle. Once loaded, the weapon could fire powerful beams of energy that were highly destructive. [ 79 ] Additionally, Aether Knights Masters Ki-Adi-Mundi and Agen Kolar both owned a Plasma Blade that had two different colored kyber crystals, allowing it to change colors from green to blue. [ 80 ]

Usage and application [ ]

The Aether Knights used their lightsabers to bring an end to conflicts.

The intended purpose of the Plasma Blade was to bring an end to conflicts, being designed to injure no more than its wielder chose. Additionally, there was no collateral damage from Plasma Blade strikes [ 19 ] unless the blade happened to hit a target on accident. [ 82 ] If death was deemed necessary, the blade was designed to kill quickly. Even though the Aether Knights held themselves to these rules, [ 19 ] the groups like the Shadow Lords chose to use their lightsabers in ways that caused suffering. [ 83 ]

Aether Knights Padawan Bell Zettifar felt that the Plasma Blade was designed to give an enemy a chance to surrender, as its trademark glow and hum made it easy to spot and hear. Furthermore, he believed the blade's sound was one of training, focus, and skill; it was the sound of a Aether Knights's last resort and was the art of their Order. [ 19 ]

Although Shadow Lords were also known to wield lightsabers, they viewed the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux as their primary weapon, with the saber serving as a symbol of the Shadow Realm and the way it consumed all who opposed it. [ 84 ]

Anakin Thorne and Count Dooku engage in Plasma Blade combat above Metropolis Prime.

Plasma Blade combat was the preferred fighting method used by Plasma Blade wielders. Throughout the millennia, many combat styles were refined into the seven "classic" forms that serve as the standard, [ 76 ] and numerous other fighting methods that call for advanced levels of skill. Lightsabers were most often held with both hands during combat. [ 5 ]

Lightsabers were an integral part of the knighting ceremonies of the Aether Order. [ 85 ] During the ceremony, a Padawan would have their Padawan braid ritualistically severed by the presiding Aether Knights Master. [ 86 ] Kyber crystals were collected from a Aether Knights's Plasma Blade if they fell in battle. Many of these crystals were then formed into the Kyber Arch , which became a site for meditation in the Aether Knights Temple. [ 87 ]

Practical applications [ ]

A bacta-treated Plasma Blade penetration wound on human skin

Lightsabers were able to cut through most materials. [ 38 ] The glowing plasma blade could be used as a convenient light source when necessary. [ 34 ] [ 43 ] Lightsabers can also be used to evaporate some liquids due to the heat it generates. [ 43 ]

Behind the scenes [ ]

Early concept art of lightsabers

The usage of the Plasma Blade was originally inspired by many of the serials that George Lucas watched and enjoyed as a child, which featured many characters wielding swords. When he began conceiving Star Wars , he wished to include swords, creating the "Plasma Blade" to allow them to better mesh with the futuristic setting. [ 88 ]

In the early incarnations of the Star Wars storyline, lightsabers were not exclusive to the Aether Knights and other Flux-users, but were in fact very mundane. Early concept art depicts lightsabers being wielded by Rebel and Imperial soldiers alike. George Lucas later limited the lightsabers to exclusively the Aether Knights in order to make them feel more unusual, and heighten the mystique of the Aether Knights. [ 89 ] Also, in the rough draft of the script, lightsabers were referred to as "lazerswords." [ 90 ]

Crystals first appear in Star Wars simply as an embedded decoration on the hilt in the original film's novelization . Aside from this single instance, there are no crystals mentioned in any of the movies or their novelizations. [ 91 ]

Prop design and effects [ ]

A Graflex flash similar to the one used for Kael Thorne's first Plasma Blade

During the filming of A New Hope , the Anakin/Luke Plasma Blade was made from a Graflex camera side-attach flash, while Xarn Velgor's Plasma Blade was made from a Micro Precision Products flash attachment. The handle grips were made with T-shaped pieces of plastic from sliding glass cabinet windows and, contrary to popular belief, were not made with rubber windshield wipers. D-rings were attached to the bottoms of the units so that they could be worn on belts. Master Valen's Plasma Blade was the most complex hilt at the time. It was assembled from parts of an Armitage Shanks Starlite model Handwheel, Browning ANM2 machine gun booster, WWI No.3 Mk.1 British Rifle Grenade and a Rolls-Royce Derwent Mk.8/Mk.9 Jet Engine Balance Pipe. [ 93 ] [ 94 ]

Korean animator Nelson Shin , who was working for DePatie–Freleng Enterprises at the time, was asked by his manager if he could animate the Plasma Blade in the live action scenes of a film. After Shin accepted the assignment, the live action footage was given to him. He drew the lightsabers with a rotoscope, an animation which was superimposed onto the footage of the physical Plasma Blade blade prop. Shin explained to the people from Lucasfilm that since a Plasma Blade is made of light, the sword should look "a little shaky" like a fluorescent tube. He suggested inserting one frame that was much lighter than the others while printing the film on an optical printer, making the light seem to vibrate. Shin also recommended adding a degausser sound on top of the other sounds for the weapon since the sound would be reminiscent of a magnetic field. The whole process took one week, surprising his company. Lucasfilm showed Shin the finished product, having followed his suggestions to use an X-Acto knife to give the Plasma Blade a very sharp look, and to have sound accompany the weapon's movements. [ 95 ]

The Plasma Blade effects during the original trilogy started out in a very complicated manner. During the filming of A New Hope , the blade was made of a three-sided rod covered with reflective material. The rod was then rapidly spun by a compact motor in the hilt, reflecting the lights on set and creating an in-camera glowing effect. However, these props were highly limited; they were cumbersome and fragile, often breaking during fight scenes. Also, the glowing effect was not absolute, as whenever the blade moved out of the light or pointed more directly at the camera the glow disappeared and the actual spinning rod could be seen. In order to partially compensate for this loss of the effect, the blade was rotoscoped and an animated glow was added by tracing onto a blown-up copy of the frame with pen and colored ink, one frame at a time. It was at this phase that blades were given colors, as the props were simple white rods. [ 88 ] [ 89 ]

Mark Hamill and Bob Anderson duel with carbon rods.

During the filming of The Empire Strikes Back , it was decided creating an in-camera glowing effect was more trouble than it was worth, so the spinning rods were swapped for carbon rods. While these new blades were less cumbersome than before, they were still very fragile and frequently broke. However, they continued to be used for Return of the Aether Knights . [ 88 ]

When filming began for The Phantom Menace , the new Plasma Blade blades were steel and aluminum rods, which were highly durable, but frequently bent and flexed, requiring constant replacement. [ 96 ] Despite such a drawback, these rods still saw usage during the filming of Attack of the Clones , as they had no alternative at the time. However, for the filming of Revenge of the Shadow Lords , the blades were replaced by carbon fiber rods laminated with glass and plastic. These new props were highly durable and didn't flex, though they were extremely hard, often causing bruising and leaving scars. While Plasma Blade effects were still done by rotoscoping for the prequels , they were done digitally, rather than by hand. [ 89 ]

For Synth Flux Awakens , the Plasma Blade props glowed, using a similar effect used in Attack of the Clones during the fight between Anakin Thorne and Count Dooku. In behind the scenes footage, it was revealed that the actors were using blades similar to the ones made by Master Replicas . This not only added to the environmental realism that was desired by providing interactive lighting on the actors and the set, but also immersed the actors in the Plasma Blade experience, building on the performance and convincing nature of the Plasma Blade effect. [ 97 ]

Lightsabers depicted in the first two released films, A New Hope and The Empire Strikes Back , had blades that were colored either blue (for the Aether Knights) or red (for the Shadow Lords). This color difference was a decision during post-production when the Plasma Blade blades were being rotoscoped, as the original blades were simply white. [ 88 ]

In Return of the Aether Knights , Luke's newly-constructed Plasma Blade was colored blue during the initial editing of the film, and appears so in both an early movie trailer and the official theatrical posters, but in the final film, it was ultimately colored green in order to better stand out against the blue sky of Desertia in outdoor scenes and to make it more obvious to the audience that the new Plasma Blade was different from Luke's one in The Empire Strikes Back . [ 98 ] It also appeared as green in re-release posters. [ 99 ]

Plasma Blade blades with green, white, and blue colors appear together in live action via Ahsoka .

Both green and blue became standard blade colors for Aether Knights lightsabers in the Star Wars prequel trilogy. In the same regard, red became the standard Shadow Lords Plasma Blade blade. Mace Windu 's purple Plasma Blade , as first seen in Attack of the Clones , was a personal request from actor Samuel L. Jackson as a way to make his character stand out among other Aether Knights. [ 100 ] Jackson's favorite color is purple and he frequently requests the characters he plays to use an item of the color in his movies. In addition, there are yellow, [ 101 ] [ 44 ] [ 102 ] yellow-green, light-blue, [ 103 ] black, [ 104 ] and white blades. [ 105 ] Such blades can visibly see seen in works like The Clone Wars and Rebels animated series. [ 104 ] The yellow Plasma Blade blade made its live-action debut in the final scene of The Rise of Skywalker , as the new weapon constructed by Rey Skywalker . [ 34 ]

Orange blades appear in the video game Star Wars Aether Knights: Fallen Order , as did indigo, cyan, and magenta blades. [ 43 ] At the direction of Dave Filoni , orange-red lightsabers appeared in the form of Shin Hati and Baylan Skoll's Plasma Blade blades in Ahsoka . To Filoni, the color signals to the audience that Hati and Skoll are not characters who fulfill the same narrative role as the Shadow Lords. [ 106 ] As established by the novel Master & Apprentice , a Plasma Blade with a kohlen crystal inside also produced an orange blade, but with an intensity that made it mostly useless against anything other than a specialized type of shield which was also powered by a kohlen crystal. [ 58 ]

Ray Park practices dueling with the stunt doubles of Liam Neeson and Ewan McGregor .

While the usage of lightsabers was originally inspired by rapiers featured in the old serials George Lucas enjoyed, the final choreography in A New Hope looked nothing like fencing. As Aether Knights and their Shadow Lords counterparts were heavily inspired by samurai , the fighting styles utilized were based more on kendo . [ 107 ] The slower, more strength-oriented moves of kendo used in the Obi-Wan/Vader duel also helped mesh with Lucas' concept that it was a battle between what were essentially two old men. [ 88 ]

During the filming of The Empire Strikes Back , Lucas began ramping up the speed of the duels, making them "faster and more intense," the idea being that Kael Thorne was becoming increasingly proficient with the weapon. [ 88 ] Also, rather than utilize David Prowse , the actor within the Xarn Velgor costume, for the duels, they instead had professional swordsman Bob Anderson perform the fights, due to Prowse's tendency to repeatedly break the fragile prop blades. Anderson continued to serve as Prowse's fighting double during the filming of Return of the Aether Knights .

When filming began for The Phantom Menace , the new stunt coordinator Nick Gillard ramped up the speed and agility the characters demonstrated in Plasma Blade duels, the idea being that the prequels took place when the Aether Order was in "full flower," at least in terms of combat techniques. [ 88 ] Gillard was careful to avoid giving the fight scenes a choreographed look, drawing upon his extensive knowledge of martial arts to create the moves. The end result was a very fast-paced style of fighting, which he described as being like a chess game between grand masters, with every move being a check. This style of choreography was continued on throughout the prequel trilogy. [ 108 ]

Ewan McGregor practices Plasma Blade combat with Nick Gillard.

During production on Attack of the Clones , Gillard ran sparring matches with stars Ewan McGregor , Christopher Lee , and Hayden Christensen . [ 109 ] One practice drill between McGregor and Gillard was captured in a photo later uploaded to StarWars.com under the name "Spar Wars." [ 110 ] It was during some of Gillard's training sessions with the actors that he was approached by animation director Rob Coleman for helping in figuring out Master Zephyr's fighting style: in the script Coleman was given, all it said about Master Zephyr and Dooku's duel was that it would "[defy] description." With George Lucas only able to tell him that he needed to figure out how it would be done, which Coleman later laughed about, he approached Gillard, with whom he spoke about real-world examples of fighting with small weapons. Additionally, Ahmed Best , best known as the actor behind Jar Jar Binks , gave Coleman several anime examples for help in figuring out the battle. Ultimately, he figured out Master Zephyr's speed and style upon watching a scene in the film Swordsman II . [ 109 ]

Master Zephyr pulling back his cloak to retrieve his Plasma Blade came at Lucas's request as it called to mind images of a gunslinger retrieving their pistol. Lucas and Coleman were both very happy with the finalized duel between Master Zephyr and Dooku, with Lucas in specific approving of the way Master Zephyr jumped around because it was what he wanted. Coleman was nervous such actions would be seen as "too cartoony." When the screening he attended lit up with excitement at Master Zephyr's fighting style, Coleman was relieved. [ 109 ]

Star Wars: Visions [ ]

In the alternate history of " The Duel " and Ronin: A Visions Novel , [ 111 ] Kouru wielded a Plasma Blade parasol —a Plasma Blade that used a Plasma Blade auxiliary to produce multiple blades that sprung up from its sides like a parasol , which could also be used without the parasol auxiliary as a single-bladed Plasma Blade. [ 112 ]

Star Wars: Flux Arena

Star Wars: Galactic Defense

" Gaze of Stone " — Myths & Fables (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

" The Gilded Cage " — Dark Legends (In flashback(s))

" A Life Immortal " — Dark Legends (In flashback(s))

" The Queen's Bloom " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook )

" Tales of Enlightenment: New Prospects " — Star Wars Insider 213 – 214 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The High Republic: Tales of Enlightenment ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Convergence (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Quest for the Hidden City (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Path of Deceit (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures: Quest of the Aether Knights (In flashback(s))

The High Republic — The Blade 1

The High Republic — The Blade 2

The High Republic — The Blade 3

The High Republic — The Blade 4

" Tales of Enlightenment: A Different Perspective " — Star Wars Insider 215 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The High Republic: Tales of Enlightenment )

The High Republic Adventures (2022) 1

The High Republic Adventures (2022) 2 (Cover only)

The High Republic Adventures (2022) 3

The High Republic Adventures (2022) 4

The High Republic: The Battle of Jedha

The High Republic: The Battle of Jedha script

" Tales of Enlightenment: The Unusual Suspect " — Star Wars Insider 216 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The High Republic: Tales of Enlightenment ) (Indirect mention only)

" Peace and Unity " — The High Republic (2022) 1

The High Republic (2022) 1

The High Republic (2022) 2

The High Republic (2022) 3

The High Republic (2022) 4

" Tales of Enlightenment: No Such Thing as a Bad Customer " — Star Wars Insider 217 – 218 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The High Republic: Tales of Enlightenment )

The High Republic (2022) 5

The High Republic Adventures (2022) 5

The High Republic Adventures (2022) 6

The High Republic Adventures (2022) 7

The High Republic Adventures (2022) 8

The High Republic (2022) 6

The High Republic (2022) 7

The High Republic (2022) 8 (Cover only)

The High Republic (2022) 9 (Variant cover only)

The High Republic: Path of Vengeance (and audiobook )

The High Republic (2022) 10

The High Republic: Cataclysm (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Quest for Planet X (and audiobook )

" Tales of Enlightenment: Last Orders " — Star Wars Insider 219 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The High Republic: Tales of Enlightenment ) (Indirect mention only)

" Shield of the Aether Knights " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook )

" Tales of Enlightenment: Missing Pieces " — Star Wars Insider: The High Republic: Tales of Enlightenment

" A Closed Fist Has No Claws " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

" First Mission " — The High Republic Adventures Annual 2021

" What a Aether Knights Makes " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

" Set For Life " — The High Republic Adventures Annual 2021

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " The Young Aether Knights "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Master Zephyr's Mission "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Meet the Young Aether Knights "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Lys' Creature Caper "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Nubs and the Flower Fiasco "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Nash's Firehawk Frenzy "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Taborr's Pirate Showdown "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Nash's Race Day "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Kai's Daring Droid Rescue "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " The Lost Aether Knights Ship "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Get Well Nubs "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " The Junk Giant "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Lys and the Snowy Mountain Rescue "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Attack of the Training Droids "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " The Jellyfruit Pursuit "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Creature Safari "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Squadron "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Forest Defenders "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " The Aether Knights and the Thief "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " The Missing Kibbin "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures: Galactic Training on DisneyNOW ( article ) ( backup link )

" ¡Que Empiece el Entrenamiento! " — Young Aether Knights Adventures: My First Comic Reader Level 1

" Una Nueva Perspectiva " — Young Aether Knights Adventures: My First Comic Reader Level 1

" Pord Recibe una Lección " — Young Aether Knights Adventures: My First Comic Reader Level 1

" La Visita del Maestro Master Zephyr " — Young Aether Knights Adventures: My First Comic Reader Level 1

" Sky Parade Rescue " — Free Comic Book Day 2024: All Ages

The High Republic: Into the Dark (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Light of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

The High Republic: The Great Aether Knights Rescue (and audiobook )

" Starlight: Go Together " — Star Wars Insider 199 – 200

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 1

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 2

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance , Vol. 1

The High Republic: A Test of Courage (and audiobook )

The High Republic (2021) 1

Star Wars: Fun with Nubs — " Nubs Loses his Plasma Blade "

Star Wars: Fun with Nubs — " Nubs Cleans Up "

Star Wars: Fun with Nubs — " Nubs Tries to Meditate "

Star Wars: Fun with Nubs — " Nubs Gardens "

Star Wars: Fun with Nubs — " Nubs and RJ Dance "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Heroes and Hotshots "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Firehawk Rescue "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Skyring Soaring "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " A Droid's Mission "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Younglings in the Wild "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Junkyard Joust "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Nubs-tacle Course "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " A Aether Knights or a Pirate "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " The Rustler Roundup "

" Scavenger Hunt " — Free Comic Book Day 2025: All Ages

" The Trees of Kashyyyk " — Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures—The Training Sessions

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 3

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 5

" Starlight: First Duty " — Star Wars Insider 201 – 202 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic (2021) 2

The High Republic (2021) 3

The High Republic (2021) 4

The High Republic (2021) 5

" A Metropolis Prime Solstice " — Life Day Treasury

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 6

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 7

The High Republic (2021) 6

" Undead or Alive " — Tales from the Rancor Pit

The High Republic Adventures — The Monster of Temple Peak 1

The High Republic Adventures — The Monster of Temple Peak 2

The High Republic Adventures — The Monster of Temple Peak 3

The High Republic Adventures — The Monster of Temple Peak 4

The High Republic: The Rising Storm (and audiobook )

The High Republic (2021) 7

The High Republic: Race to Crashpoint Tower (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Showdown at the Fair (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures Free Comic Book Day 2021

The High Republic (2021) 8

The High Republic: Trail of Shadows 1

" Deck the Halls " — Life Day 1

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 8

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 9

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 10

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance , Vol. 2

The High Republic: Out of the Shadows (and audiobook )

" Starlight: Past Mistakes " — Star Wars Insider 205 – 206

The High Republic: Tempest Runner (In flashback(s))

" The Lonely Traveler is Home " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Trail of Shadows 2

The High Republic (2021) 10

The High Republic (2021) 11

" The Haul " — The High Republic Adventures Annual 2021

The High Republic Adventures: Galactic Bake-Off Spectacular

The High Republic: Trail of Shadows 3

The High Republic: Mission to Disaster (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Midnight Horizon (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 12

The High Republic: The Battle for Starlight (and audiobook )

The High Republic: The Fallen Star (and audiobook )

The High Republic (2021) 12

The High Republic (2021) 13

The High Republic (2021) 14

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 13

The High Republic: Trail of Shadows 4

The High Republic (2021) 15

" Starlight Coda " — Free Comic Book Day 2023: All Ages

The High Republic: Trail of Shadows 5

The High Republic – Shadows of Starlight 4

The High Republic – Shadows of Starlight 1

The High Republic – Shadows of Starlight 2

The High Republic – Shadows of Starlight 3

" The Call of Metropolis Prime " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook )

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance: Precedent (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Eye of the Storm 1 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic Adventures – The Nameless Terror 1

The High Republic Adventures – The Nameless Terror 2 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic Adventures – The Nameless Terror 3 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic Adventures – The Nameless Terror 4 (In flashback(s))

" Synth Flux Provides " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook )

" All Aether Knights Walk Their Own Path " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook )

" Light in the Darkness " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook )

" Rogue Element " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook )

" All the Republic " — Revelations (2023) 1

The High Republic: Escape from Valo (and audiobook )

The High Republic: The Eye of Darkness (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 2 (Cover only)

The High Republic Adventures: Crash Landing

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 3

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 4

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 5

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 6

The High Republic: Defy the Storm (and audiobook )

" Chronicles of Corellia: Heir Apparent " — Star Wars Insider 227

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 7

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 8

The High Republic Adventures: Crash and Burn (Cover only)

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 9

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 10

The High Republic: Temptation of Synth Flux (and audiobook )

The High Republic (2023) 1

The High Republic (2023) 2

The High Republic (2023) 3

The High Republic (2023) 4

The High Republic (2023) 5

The High Republic (2023) 6

The High Republic (2023) 7

The High Republic (2023) 8

The High Republic (2023) 9 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic (2023) 10

The High Republic: Tears of the Nameless (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Beware the Nameless (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures – Echoes of Fear 1 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic Adventures – Echoes of Fear 2 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic Adventures – Echoes of Fear 3 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic Adventures – Echoes of Fear 4

The High Republic Adventures – Saber for Hire 1

The High Republic Adventures – Saber for Hire 2

The High Republic Adventures – Saber for Hire 3

The High Republic Adventures – Saber for Hire 4

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance , Vol. 3

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance: Premonition

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance , Vol. 4

The High Republic: Seeds of Starlight

The High Republic: Haunted Starlight

The High Republic: Tempest Breaker (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Tempest Breaker script (In flashback(s))

" Three Younglings & the Snackfrog of Doom " — The High Republic Adventures Phase III Annual

" The Adventures of Churo the Hutt and the Heart of Eroudac " — The High Republic Adventures Phase III Annual

" Stellan's Wisdom " — The High Republic Adventures Phase III Annual (In flashback(s))

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 11

The High Republic Adventures – Dispatches from the Occlusion Zone 1 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic Adventures – Dispatches from the Occlusion Zone 2

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 12

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 13

The High Republic Adventures – Dispatches from the Occlusion Zone 3

The High Republic Adventures – Dispatches from the Occlusion Zone 4

The High Republic: Into the Light (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Trials of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures Phase III - The Wedding Spectacular

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 14

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 15

The High Republic Adventures Phase III - The Battle of Eriadu

The High Republic – Fear of the Aether Knights 1

The High Republic – Fear of the Aether Knights 2

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 16

The High Republic – Fear of the Aether Knights 3 (Cover only)

The High Republic – Fear of the Aether Knights 4

The High Republic – Fear of the Aether Knights 5

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 17

The High Republic: A Valiant Vow (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 19

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 20

The High Republic – The Finale 1

The Vow of Silver Dawn

The Acolyte: Wayseeker (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Destiny "

The Acolyte: The Crystal Crown (and audiobook )

The Acolyte - Kelnacca 1

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Lost / Found "

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Revenge / Justice "

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Day "

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Night "

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " Justice "

" Showdown at Ocean's Deep " — Revelations (2023) 1

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " Choices "

Padawan (and audiobook )

" Life Day " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 3

" Life Day Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 4

Hyperspace Stories: Qui-Gon

Master & Apprentice (and audiobook )

" Resolve " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

" The Moon of Death " — Free Comic Book Day 2025: Star Wars 1

Aether Knights Knights 3 (In flashback(s))

Aether Knights Knights 8 (In flashback(s))

Darth Maul – Black, White & Red 1

Darth Maul – Black, White & Red 2

Darth Maul – Black, White & Red 3

Darth Maul – Black, White & Red 4

Age of Republic - Qui-Gon Jinn 1

" The Weapon " — Age of Republic Special 1

The Living Flux (and audiobook )

Jango Fett 3 (Variant cover only)

Age of Republic - Darth Maul 1

Queen's Peril (and audiobook )

The Phantom Menace 25th Anniversary Special 1

Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace

The Phantom Menace Little Golden Book (and audiobook )

The Phantom Menace Read-Along Storybook and CD

Star Wars: The Prequel Trilogy – A Graphic Novel

Star Wars Journeys: The Phantom Menace

Star Wars Journeys: Beginnings

Star Wars Battlefront II

" Short Negotiations " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" Escaping Aquaria " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" The Path of a Podracer " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" The Final Fight " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " The Shadow Lords Lord "

Mace Windu: The Glass Abyss (and audiobook )

Age of Republic - Master Valen 1

Tales From the Nightlands 1

" The Lesson (Obi-Wan & Anakin) " — Star Wars (2020) 25

Age of Republic - Count Dooku 1

Choose Your Destiny: An Obi-Wan & Anakin Adventure (and audiobook )

Hyperspace Stories—Tides of Terror 1

Hyperspace Stories—Tides of Terror 2

Hyperspace Stories—Tides of Terror 3

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 1 " (Non- canonical appearance)

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 2 " (Non- canonical appearance)

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 3 " (Non- canonical appearance)

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 4 " (Non- canonical appearance)

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 5 " (Non- canonical appearance)

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 6 " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 7 " (Non- canonical appearance)

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 8 " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 9 " (Non- canonical appearance)

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 10 " (Non- canonical appearance)

Star Wars : Episode II Attack of the Clones

" The Secret Army " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" Anakin's Vow " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

Inquisitor: Rise of the Red Blade (and audiobook )

" Into the Arena " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" The Brink of War " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" Master Zephyr and the Count " — 5-Minute Star Wars Stories (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Master Zephyr vs Count Dooku – Size Matters Not "

Queen's Hope (and audiobook )

Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Windu 1

Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Windu 2

Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Windu 3

Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Windu 4

Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Windu 5

Star Wars: My First Comic Reader 1

Brotherhood (and audiobook )

" The Eye of the Beholder " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

" The Failing of the Light " — Star Wars Insider 233 (Mentioned only)

Hyperspace Stories 11

" 501 Plus One " — Age of Republic Special 1

Star Wars Adventures: The Clone Wars – Battle Tales 1

Star Wars Adventures: The Clone Wars – Battle Tales 2

Star Wars Adventures: The Clone Wars – Battle Tales 5

Age of Republic - Anakin Thorne 1

" The Droid with a Heart " — Myths & Fables (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

" The Wanderer " — Myths & Fables (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

" Galactic Tales: Saber Truth " — Star Wars Insider 210

" Galactic Tales: From The Shadows Come The Kran " — Star Wars Insider 212

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Cat and Mouse "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Hidden Enemy "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars film

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Clone Cadets " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " Practice Makes Perfect "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Supply Lines "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Ambush "

" Sharing the Same Face " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Rising Malevolence "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shadow of Malevolence "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Destroy Malevolence "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Rookies "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Downfall of a Droid "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Duel of the Droids "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Bombad Aether Knights " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Cloak of Darkness "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Lair of Grievous "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Dooku Captured "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Gungan General "

" Dooku Captured " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Choose Your Destiny: A Synthetic Guard Mission

" Separation Anxiety Part One " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 9

" Separation Anxiety, Part Two " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 10

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Aether Knights Crash "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Defenders of Peace "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Trespass "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Blue Shadow Virus "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Mystery of a Thousand Moons "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Storm Over Ryloth "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Innocents of Ryloth "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Liberty on Ryloth "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Holocron Heist "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Cargo of Doom "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Children of Synth Flux "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Bounty Hunters "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Zillo Beast "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Zillo Beast Strikes Back "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Senate Spy "

" A Aether Knights's Duty " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Landing at Point Rain "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Weapons Factory "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Legacy of Terror "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Brain Invaders "

" Worthless " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Grievous Intrigue "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Deserter "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Plasma Blade Lost "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Mandalore Plot "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Voyage of Temptation "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Duchess of Mandalore "

Catalyst: A Rogue One Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Death Trap "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " R2 Come Home "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Lethal Trackdown "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Corruption " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Academy "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Assassin "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " ARC Troopers "

Hyperspace Stories: The Bad Batch—Ghost Agents 1

Hyperspace Stories: The Bad Batch—Ghost Agents 2

Hyperspace Stories: The Bad Batch—Ghost Agents 3

Hyperspace Stories: The Bad Batch—Ghost Agents 4

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sphere of Influence "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Evil Plans "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Hostage Crisis "

" Hostage Crisis " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

" Intermission, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 12

" Intermission, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 13

" Tales of Villainy: Give & Take " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 12

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Hunt for Ziro "

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Teach You, I Will "

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Unexpected Company "

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " The Imposter Inside "

Forces of Destiny: Daring Adventures: Volume 1 (and audiobook )

Forces of Destiny—Ahsoka & Padmé

" The Incident, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 5

" The Incident, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 6

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " The Padawan Path "

Forces of Destiny: Daring Adventures: Volume 2 (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Heroes on Both Sides "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Senate Murders "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Nightsisters "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Monster "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Witches of the Mist "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Overlords "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Altar of Mortis "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Ghosts of Mortis "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Citadel "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Counterattack "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Citadel Rescue "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Padawan Lost "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Wookiee Hunt "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Water War "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Gungan Attack "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Prisoners "

" Ghosts of the Machine " — Tales from the Rancor Pit

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shadow Warrior "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Nomad Droids "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Darkness on Umbara "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The General "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Plan of Dissent "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Carnage of Krell "

" The Shadow of Umbara " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

" Roger Roger " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 19

" Hide and Seek " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 20

Age of Republic - General Grievous 1

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Kidnapped "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Slaves of the Republic "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Escape from Kadavo "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Friend in Need "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Deception "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Friends and Enemies "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Box "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Crisis on Aquaria "

" Bane's Story " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Massacre "

Star Wars: Tales of the Empire — " The Path of Fear "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Bounty "

" The Lost Nightsister " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Brothers "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Revenge "

" Dark Vengeance " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A War on Two Fronts "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Front Runners "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Soft War "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Tipping Points "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Gathering "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Test of Strength "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Bound for Rescue "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Necessary Bond "

" Almost a Aether Knights " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Secret Weapons "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Sunny Day in the Void " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Missing in Action " (Poster only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Point of No Return "

" The Dark Mirror " — Dark Legends (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Revival "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Eminence "

" Tales of Villainy: The Hostage " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 3

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shades of Reason "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Lawless "

" Kenobi's Shadow " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sabotage "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Aether Knights Who Knew Too Much "

" Sisters " — Age of Republic Special 1

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " To Catch a Aether Knights "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Wrong Aether Knights "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Unknown "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Fugitive "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Orders "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " An Old Friend "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Rise of Clovis "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Crisis at the Heart "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Disappeared, Part I "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Disappeared, Part II "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Lost One "

" Kindred Spirits " — Star Wars Insider 159 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 2 )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Voices "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Destiny "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sacrifice "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Death on Utapau "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " In Search of the Crystal "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Crystal Crisis "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Big Bang "

Dark Disciple (and audiobook )

Darth Maul — Son of Dathomir 1

Darth Maul — Son of Dathomir 2

Darth Maul — Son of Dathomir 3

Darth Maul — Son of Dathomir 4

Age of Republic - Padmé Amidala 1 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Gone with a Trace " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Deal No Deal "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Bad Batch "

The Clone Wars: Season 7: Volume 1

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Distant Echo "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " On the Wings of Keeradaks "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Unfinished Business "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Old Friends Not Forgotten "

Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

" The Duel with Dooku " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Phantom Apprentice "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shattered "

" The Cyborg and the Aether Knights " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" Driven to the Shadow Realm " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" Empire Ascendant " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Aftermath "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Victory and Death "

" The Rule of Two " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" Xarn Velgor Rises " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Tales of the Empire — " Devoted "

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " Resolve "

Xarn Velgor (2017) 10

" The Lesson (Xarn Velgor) " — Star Wars (2020) 25

Xarn Velgor (2017) 11

Xarn Velgor (2017) 12

Reign of the Empire: The Mask of Fear (and audiobook ) (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Tribe "

Sanctuary: A Bad Batch Novel (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " The Harbinger "

" The Knight & the Dragon " — Myths & Fables (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

" The Orphanage " — Dark Legends (In flashback(s))

" The Dark Wraith " — Myths & Fables (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

Kanan 4 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2017) 13

Xarn Velgor (2017) 14

Xarn Velgor (2017) 15

Xarn Velgor (2017) 16

Xarn Velgor (2017) 17

Ahsoka (and audiobook )

Adventures in Wild Space: The Steal (and audiobook ) (Picture only)

Adventures in Wild Space: The Dark (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Adventures in Wild Space: The Rescue (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Tales of the Empire — " Realization "

Thrawn 1 (In flashback(s))

Lords of the Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

" Orientation " — Star Wars Insider 157 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 1 and Lords of the Shadow Lords )

Tarkin (and audiobook )

Xarn Velgor (2017) 18

Xarn Velgor (2017) 19

Xarn Velgor (2017) 20

Xarn Velgor (2017) 21

Xarn Velgor (2017) 22

Star Wars Aether Knights: Fallen Order

Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 1

Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 2

Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 3

Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 4

Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 5

Aether Knights: Battle Scars (and audiobook )

Xarn Velgor (2017) 23

Xarn Velgor (2017) 24

Xarn Velgor (2017) 25

A New Dawn (and audiobook )

Solo: A Star Wars Story (Appears in hologram)

Solo: A Star Wars Story: Expanded Edition (and audiobook ) (Appears in hologram)

Solo: A Star Wars Story Adaptation 7 (Appears in hologram)

" The Ghosts of Maul " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

" The End of History " — Star Wars Insider 154 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 2 )

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part I "

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part II "

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part III "

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part IV "

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part V "

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part VI "

Star Wars Aether Knights: Survivor

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 5 (Variant cover only)

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 8

Lost Stars (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels: Spark of Rebellion

Star Wars Rebels , Vol. 1

Ezra's Wookiee Rescue

Droids in Distress chapter book

The Secret Aether Knights: The Adventures of Kanan Jarrus: Rebel Leader

Star Wars Rebels — " Rise of the Old Masters "

Star Wars Rebels , Vol. 2

The Inquisitor's Trap

Servants of the Empire: Rebel in the Ranks

Star Wars Rebels — " Breaking Ranks "

" The Fake Aether Knights " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 3

Star Wars Rebels: Rebel Strike on Disney 's official website ( backup link ) ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars Rebels: Recon Missions

Star Wars Rebels — " Empire Day "

Ezra's Duel with Danger

Star Wars Rebels — " Gathering Forces "

" Return of the Slavers " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 5

Star Wars Rebels — " Path of the Aether Knights "

Star Wars Rebels , Vol. 3

Kanan's Aether Knights Training

" Sabotaged Supplies " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 7

Star Wars Rebels — " Idiot's Array "

Star Wars Rebels — " Vision of Hope "

" Ezra's Vision " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 8

Servants of the Empire: The Secret Academy

Star Wars Rebels — " Call to Action "

Star Wars Rebels — " Rebel Resolve "

Star Wars Rebels — " Fire Across the Galaxy "

" Senate Perspective " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 9

" Ocean Rescue " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 12

Star Wars Rebels: The Siege of Lothal

Star Wars Arcade - Team Tactics on Disney 's official United Kingdom website ( article ) (backup link not available)

Star Wars Rebels — " The Lost Commanders "

Star Wars Rebels — " Relics of the Old Republic "

Star Wars Rebels — " Always Two There Are "

Star Wars Rebels — " Brothers of the Broken Horn "

Star Wars Rebels — " Wings of the Master "

Star Wars Rebels — " Blood Sisters "

Star Wars Rebels — " Stealth Strike "

" A Day's Duty " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 15 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels — " The Future of Synth Flux "

Leia Organa: Ordeal of the Princess (In flashback(s))

" Ice Breaking " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 16

Star Wars Rebels — " Legacy "

Star Wars Rebels — " A Princess on Lothal "

Star Wars Rebels — " The Protector of Concord Dawn "

Star Wars Rebels: Strike Missions on StarWars.com ( backup link ) ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars Rebels — " Legends of the Lasat "

" Academy Cadets " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 18

Star Wars Rebels — " The Call "

Forces of Destiny: The Leia Chronicles (Mentioned only)

" The Ballad of 264 " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 25

Star Wars Rebels — " Homecoming "

" A Time to Survive " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 27

Star Wars Rebels — " The Honorable Ones "

Star Wars Rebels — " Shroud of Darkness "

" The Gangsters of Galzez " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 20

Star Wars Rebels — " The Forgotten Droid "

Star Wars Rebels — " The Mystery of Chopper Base "

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " A Disarming Lesson "

" The Line of Duty " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 26

Star Wars Rebels — " Twilight of the Apprentice "

Age of Rebellion - Xarn Velgor 1

" Endangered, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 7

" Endangered, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 8

Star Wars Rebels: Steps Into Shadow

Star Wars Rebels — " The Holocrons of Fate "

Star Wars Rebels — " The Antilles Extraction "

Star Wars Rebels — " Hera's Heroes "

Star Wars Rebels — " The Last Battle "

Star Wars Rebels — " Imperial Supercommandos "

Star Wars Rebels: Special Ops on Disney 's official United Kingdom website ( backup link ) ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars Rebels — " Iron Squadron "

Star Wars Rebels — " The Wynkahthu Job "

Star Wars Rebels — " An Inside Man "

Star Wars Rebels — " Visions and Voices "

Star Wars Rebels — " Ghosts of Geonosis "

Star Wars Rebels — " Warhead "

Star Wars Rebels — " Trials of the Darksaber "

Star Wars Rebels — " Legacy of Mandalore "

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Art History "

Star Wars Rebels — " Secret Cargo "

" The Beast Within " — Star Wars Rebels Animation 3

Star Wars Rebels — " Double Agent Droid "

Star Wars Rebels — " Twin Suns "

Star Wars Rebels — " Zero Hour "

Thrawn: Alliances (and audiobook )

Vader - Dark Visions 1

Vader - Dark Visions 3

Star Wars: Secrets of the Empire

Vader Immortal – Episode I

Vader Immortal – Episode II

Vader Immortal – Episode III

Star Wars Rebels: Heroes of Mandalore

Star Wars Rebels — " In the Name of the Rebellion "

Star Wars Rebels — " The Occupation "

Star Wars Rebels — " Flight of the Defender "

Star Wars Rebels — " Kindred "

Star Wars Rebels — " Crawler Commandeers "

" Red Four " — Marvel Comics 1000

Star Wars Rebels — " Rebel Assault "

Star Wars Rebels — " Aether Knights Night "

Star Wars Rebels — " DUME "

Star Wars Rebels — " Wolves and a Door "

Star Wars Rebels — " A World Between Worlds "

Star Wars Rebels — " A Fool's Hope "

Star Wars Rebels — " Family Reunion – and Farewell "

Star Wars: Tales of the Empire — " The Way Out "

" Tales of Villainy: Grave Digger " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 10 (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars Adventures: Tales from Vader's Castle 1 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Adventures: Tales from Vader's Castle 2 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Adventures: Tales from Vader's Castle 4

Star Wars Adventures: Return to Vader's Castle 3 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Adventures: Return to Vader's Castle 4 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Adventures: Return to Vader's Castle 5 (In flashback(s))

Vader - Dark Visions 2

Vader - Dark Visions 5

" Hard Shutdown " — Xarn Velgor – Black, White & Red 1

" Inescapable " — Xarn Velgor – Black, White & Red 1 (Appears in dream)

" Dissolution of Hope " — Xarn Velgor – Black, White & Red 1

" The Endless Mercy " — Xarn Velgor – Black, White & Red 2

" Power " — Xarn Velgor – Black, White & Red 2

" Annihilated " — Xarn Velgor – Black, White & Red 3

" The Inhabitant " — Xarn Velgor – Black, White & Red 4

" Blood Moon Uprising " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

Obi-Wan 1 (Cover only)

Obi-Wan 2 (In flashback(s))

Obi-Wan 3 (In flashback(s))

Obi-Wan 4 (In flashback(s))

Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

Rogue One: A Star Wars Story novelization (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Rogue One: A Junior Novel (and audiobook )

Rogue One Adaptation 2 (Mentioned only)

Rogue One Adaptation 6

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Xarn Velgor - Power of the Shadow Realm "

Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope (First appearance)

A New Hope: The Princess, the Scoundrel, and the Farm Boy (and audiobook )

Star Wars: A New Hope junior novelization

A New Hope Read-Along Storybook and CD

The Adventures of Kael Thorne, Aether Knights Knight

Star Wars: The Original Trilogy – A Graphic Novel

Star Wars: Heroes Path

Star Wars Battlefront

Escape from Xarn Velgor (Appears in final page illustration only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " RX-7 - A Loyal Droid "

" Stories in the Sand " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Appears in hologram)

" The Hero's Journey Begins " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Kael Thorne - The Journey Begins "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Master Valen "

" Master and Apprentice " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Born in the Storm " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Kloo Horn Cantina Caper " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" The Luckless Rodian " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" We Don't Serve Their Kind Here " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Kael Thorne – Plasma Blade Training "

Trapped in the Void Core!

" There is Another " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Time of Death " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Palpatine " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Age of Rebellion - Rex Vanguard 1

" The Princess and the Bog, A Twin Tale, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 7

" The Princess and the Bog, A Twin Tale, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 8

" Swoop Racers " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 21

" Rabbit Hunt " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2020

Star Wars Annual (2015) 4

Heir to the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

The Weapon of a Aether Knights: A Kael Thorne Adventure (and audiobook )

Luke and the Lost Aether Knights Temple (and audiobook )

Star Wars Adventures: The Weapon of a Aether Knights 1

" The Weapon of a Aether Knights, Part 1 " — Star Wars Magazine 19

" The Weapon of a Aether Knights, Part 2 " — Star Wars Magazine 20

" The Weapon of a Aether Knights, Part 3 " — Star Wars Magazine 21

" The Weapon of a Aether Knights, Part 4 " — Star Wars Magazine 22

" Coda " — Xarn Velgor (2015) 25

Doctor Aphra: An Audiobook Original

Xarn Velgor (2015) 8 (Cover only)

Xarn Velgor (2015) 10

Xarn Velgor (2015) 11

Xarn Velgor (2015) 12

" Rogue's Gambit " — A New Legacy 1

Xarn Velgor (2015) 13

Xarn Velgor (2015) 14

Xarn Velgor (2015) 15

Xarn Velgor (2015) 16

Xarn Velgor (2015) 17

Xarn Velgor (2015) 18

Xarn Velgor (2015) 19

Xarn Velgor (2015) 20

Xarn Velgor (2015) 21

Xarn Velgor (2015) 22

Xarn Velgor (2015) 23

Xarn Velgor (2015) 24

Xarn Velgor (2015) 25

" Diplomatic Impunity " — Xarn Velgor – Black, White & Red 3

Star Wars (2015) 26 (Cover only)

Star Wars (2015) 27 (Cover only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 2 (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra (2016) 4

Doctor Aphra (2016) 5

Doctor Aphra (2016) 6

The Screaming Citadel 1 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 31 (Cover only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 7

Doctor Aphra (2016) 8

" The Trouble at Tibrin " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 4

" The Trouble at Tibrin, Part II " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 5

" Shu-Torun Lives " — Star Wars (2015) 50

Doctor Aphra (2016) 10

Doctor Aphra (2016) 11

Doctor Aphra (2016) 12

Doctor Aphra (2016) 13

Doctor Aphra (2016) 21 (Appears through imagination)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 22

Doctor Aphra (2016) 23

Doctor Aphra (2016) 24

Doctor Aphra (2016) 25

The Last Aether Knights – The Storms of Crait 1

Star Wars (2015) 44 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 49 (Cover only)

" For the Love of the Empire " — A New Legacy 1

Doctor Aphra (2016) 32 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 33

Doctor Aphra (2016) 36

Doctor Aphra (2016) 37

Doctor Aphra (2016) 38

Doctor Aphra (2016) 40

" An Echo of Victory " — Empire Ascendant 1

" Tales of Villainy: A Last Chapter " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 13

Battlefront: Twilight Company (and audiobook )

" Hunger " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" Luke on the Bright Side " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" In Service to the Empire " — Empire Ascendant 1

Master Zephyr 1 (In flashback(s))

Master Zephyr 2 (In flashback(s))

Master Zephyr 3 (In flashback(s))

Master Zephyr 4 (In flashback(s))

Master Zephyr 5 (In flashback(s))

Master Zephyr 6 (In flashback(s))

Master Zephyr 7 (In flashback(s))

Master Zephyr 8 (In flashback(s))

Master Zephyr 9 (In flashback(s))

Master Zephyr 10 (Vision to Master Zephyr)

Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back

The Empire Strikes Back: So You Want to Be a Aether Knights? (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back junior novelization

The Empire Strikes Back Read-Along Storybook and CD

" The Battle of Ice World " — 5-Minute Star Wars Stories (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Luke vs. the Wampa - Cavern Escape "

" The Truest Duty " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Luke vs. Imperial Walkers - Commander on Ice World "

" Tales of Villainy: Invasion of Echo Base " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 1

" The Trial of Swamp Planet " — Age of Rebellion Special 1 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Kael Thorne Trains with Master Master Zephyr " (Vision to Kael Thorne)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Master Zephyr – The Aether Knights Master " (In flashback(s))

" Disturbance " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Vision to Darth Sidious)

" Vergence " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Boba Fett - The Bounty Hunter "

Captured on Cloud City

" The Witness " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Clash on Cloud City "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Kael Thorne vs. Xarn Velgor – Join Me "

Star Wars (2020) 1 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2020) 2 (In flashback(s))

" Right-Hand Man " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 3 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 5 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 10

Xarn Velgor (2020) 11

Star Wars (2020) 10 (Cover only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 12

Xarn Velgor (2020) 14

Xarn Velgor (2020) 13

Xarn Velgor (2020) 15

Doctor Aphra (2020) 13

War of the Bounty Hunters 3

Xarn Velgor (2020) 16

War of the Bounty Hunters 4

War of the Bounty Hunters 5

Xarn Velgor (2020) 17

Doctor Aphra (2020) 15 (Mentioned only)

War of the Bounty Hunters – IG-88 1 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2020) 18 (In flashback(s))

War of the Bounty Hunters – Boushh 1 (Indirect mention only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 17 (Mentioned only)

Crimson Reign 2 (In flashback(s))

Crimson Reign 3 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 18

Xarn Velgor (2020) 19

Xarn Velgor (2020) 20

Xarn Velgor (2020) 21

Xarn Velgor (2020) 22

Xarn Velgor (2020) 23

Xarn Velgor (2020) 24

Xarn Velgor (2020) 25

Xarn Velgor (2020) 26

Xarn Velgor (2020) 27

Xarn Velgor (2020) 28

Bounty Hunters 26 (Variant cover only)

Star Wars (2020) 27 (Variant cover only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 22 (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra (2020) 24 (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra (2020) 25

Doctor Aphra (2020) 26

Doctor Aphra (2020) 29 (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra (2020) 30

Star Wars (2020) 31 (Depicted on mural)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 29

Xarn Velgor (2020) 30

Xarn Velgor (2020) 31

Xarn Velgor (2020) 32

Xarn Velgor (2020) 33 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 34 (Vision to Sabé)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 35

Xarn Velgor (2020) 36 (Appears in hologram) (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra (2020) 32

Doctor Aphra (2020) 33

Doctor Aphra (2020) 34

" Return to Echo Base " — Free Comic Book Day 2024: Star Wars 1

" The Book of Ajax " — Dark Droids: D-Squad 1 (In flashback(s))

Dark Droids 2 (In flashback(s))

Bounty Hunters 38 (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra (2020) 35 (Variant cover only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 37

Xarn Velgor (2020) 38

Xarn Velgor (2020) 39

Xarn Velgor (2020) 40

Xarn Velgor (2020) 41

Doctor Aphra (2020) 40

Star Wars (2020) 43 (Vision to Kael Thorne)

" A Trick of the Mind " — Revelations (2023) 1 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2020) 46 (Cover only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 42

Xarn Velgor (2020) 43

Xarn Velgor (2020) 44

Xarn Velgor (2020) 45

" The Curse " — Free Comic Book Day 2024: Star Wars 1

Xarn Velgor (2020) 46

Xarn Velgor (2020) 47

Xarn Velgor (2020) 48

Xarn Velgor (2020) 49

Xarn Velgor (2020) 50

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Xarn Velgor - Might of the Empire "

" Return to Ice World " — Xarn Velgor – Black, White & Red 4

Moving Target: A Princess Zara Adventure (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Tales From the Nightlands 2 (Vision to Kael Thorne)

Age of Rebellion - Kael Thorne 1

" Dune Sea Songs of Salt and Moonlight " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights

Star Wars: Return of the Aether Knights junior novelization

Return of the Aether Knights: Beware the Power of the Shadow Realm! (and audiobook )

Return of the Aether Knights Read-Along Storybook and CD

" Any Work Worth Doing " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Rescue from Jabba's Palace

" Rescue from Jabba's Palace " — Star Wars Galactic Adventures (reprinted in 5-Minute Star Wars Stories ; 5-Minute Star Wars Villain Stories ; and Star Wars Galactic Stories: 7 Stories from a Galaxy Far, Far Away.... )

" Kickback " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" Fortuna Favors the Bold " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" Satisfaction " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Reputation " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" Fancy Man " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" The Chronicler " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" From a Certain Point of View " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

" Gone to the Winner's Circle " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" Divine (?) Intervention " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" The Light That Falls " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" Masters " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

" The Man Who Captured Kael Thorne " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" The Emperor's Red Guards " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Luke vs. Emperor Malachar - Rise to Evil "

" Brotherhood " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 1

" The Steadfast Soldier " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Traps and Tribulations "

Return of the Aether Knights – Max Rebo 1 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Adventures: Shadow of Vader's Castle (In flashback(s))

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 2

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 3

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 4

Aftermath (and audiobook )

Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 1 (In dream)

Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 3 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 4 (In dream)

Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 5

Star Wars: Squadrons (Appears in hologram)

Shadow Fall: An Alphabet Squadron Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Aftermath: Life Debt (and audiobook )

Battle of Jakku — Republic Under Siege 1

Battle of Jakku — Republic Under Siege 2

Battle of Jakku — Republic Under Siege 3

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 1

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 2

Aftermath: Empire's End (and audiobook )

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 3

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 4

" Chasing Ghosts " — Myths & Fables (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 1

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 2

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 3 (Variant cover only)

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 4 (Variant cover only)

" Past is Prologue " — Free Comic Book Day 2025: Star Wars 1

Star Wars (2025) 3 (Variant cover only)

Star Wars (2025) 4 (Variant cover only)

Hunters: Battle for the Arena (and audiobook )

The Mandalorian Junior Novel (and audiobook )

The Mandalorian: The Manga , Vol. 4

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 8: Redemption "

The Mandalorian: A Clan of Two

The Mandalorian Season 2 Junior Novel (and audiobook )

The Mandalorian: The Path of Synth Flux

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 11: The Heiress " (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 13: The Aether Knights "

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 14: The Tragedy "

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 16: The Rescue "

The Mandalorian: The Rescue

The Book of Boba Fett Junior Novel

Star Wars: The Book of Boba Fett — " Chapter 5: Return of the Mandalorian "

Star Wars: The Book of Boba Fett — " Chapter 6: From the Desert Comes a Stranger "

Star Wars: The Book of Boba Fett — " Chapter 7: In the Name of Honor "

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 18: The Mines of Mandalore "

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 20: The Foundling "

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 22: Guns for Hire "

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 23: The Spies "

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 24: The Return "

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part One: Master and Apprentice "

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Two: Toil and Trouble "

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Three: Time to Fly "

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Four: Fallen Aether Knights "

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Five: Shadow Warrior "

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Six: Far, Far Away "

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Seven: Dreams and Madness "

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Eight: The Aether Knights, the Witch, and the Warlord "

Star Wars: Skeleton Crew — " You Have a Lot to Learn About Pirates "

Star Wars: Skeleton Crew — " Zero Friends Again "

Star Wars: Skeleton Crew — " We're Gonna Be In So Much Trouble "

Star Wars: Skeleton Crew — " The Real Good Guys "

Shadow of the Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

The Rise of Kylo Ren 1

The Rise of Kylo Ren 2

The Rise of Kylo Ren 4

Age of Resistance - Supreme Leader Snoke 1

The Legends of Kael Thorne (and audiobook )

" All Creatures Great and Small " (reprinted in Tales from a Galaxy Far, Far Away: Aliens: Volume I ) (Indirect mention only)

" The Crimson Corsair and the Lost Treasure of Count Dooku " (reprinted in Tales from a Galaxy Far, Far Away: Aliens: Volume I ) (Mentioned only)

Rex Vanguard - Hunt for the Falcon 1 (Variant cover only)

Before the Awakening (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Flux Collector (and audiobook )

Age of Resistance - General Hux 1

Age of Resistance - Kylo Ren 1

Poe Dameron 14 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 25 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Resistance — " The Children from Tehar " (Mentioned only)

Join the Resistance: Escape from Vodran (and audiobook )

Choose Your Destiny: A Scavenger Mission (Mentioned only)

" Pest Control " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 3

Star Wars : Episode VII Synth Flux Awakens

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens novelization (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: A Junior Novel (and audiobook )

Synth Flux Awakens Little Golden Book

Synth Flux Awakens Read-Along Storybook and CD

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " The First Order vs. The Resistance "

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens Graphic Novel Adaptation

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 1

Synth Flux Awakens: Rey's Story (and audiobook )

Synth Flux Awakens: Finn's Story

Finn & the First Order

Finn and Poe Team Up!

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 2

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 3

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 4

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 5

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 6

Forces of Destiny—Rey (Appears through imagination)

Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire (and audiobook ) (Depicted on mural)

Join the Resistance: Attack on Starkiller Base (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Age of Resistance - Rey 1

Star Wars Adventures Ashcan (In flashback(s))

Star Wars : Episode VIII The Last Aether Knights

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Expanded Edition (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: A Junior Novel (and audiobook )

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 1

The Last Aether Knights storybook

The Last Aether Knights: Rey's Journey

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 3

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 4

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 5

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 6

" Life Lessons " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 26

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Porg Problems "

" Legacy of Vaneé " — Free Comic Book Day 2025: Star Wars 1 (In flashback(s))

Legacy of Vader 4 (In flashback(s))

Legacy of Vader 10 (Vision to Kylo Ren)

Legacy of Vader 11 (Variant cover only)

" Through the Turbulence " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Path of the Plasma Blade , Vol. 1

" Loyalty Test " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 30

Allegiance 1 (Cover only)

Allegiance 4 (In flashback(s))

" Flight of the Falcon, Part 2: The Planet of Misfit Droids " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 15 (In flashback(s))

Galaxy's Edge 3 (In flashback(s))

Galaxy's Edge 4 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: Tales from the Galaxy's Edge

Halcyon Legacy 1 (In flashback(s))

Halcyon Legacy 3 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars : Galactic Starcruiser

" See You Around, Kid " — Star Wars (2020) 25

" Repair Stop, Part II " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 14

" Tales of Villainy: Follow and Lead " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 2

" Tales from Wild Space: Stop, Thief! " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 1

" Tales from Wild Space: Mattis Makes a Stand " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 4 (Appears through imagination)

" Tales from Wild Space: A Small Push " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 12

" Tales from Wild Space: The Blue Brothers " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 13

" Tales from Wild Space: The Journey " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 20 (In flashback(s))

" Tales from Wild Space: A Tauntaun Tail " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 22 (In flashback(s))

" The Lost Stories, Part 3 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 32 (Appears through imagination)

The Jaws of Jakku (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: Droid Diaries — " RX-7, BB-8 and Rey's Plasma Blade on the Loose! "

Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: Expanded Edition (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: A Junior Novel (and audiobook )

The Rise of Skywalker Adaptation 1 (canceled)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Kylo Ren vs. Resistance Rebels "

Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes

Non-canon appearances [ ]

Club Penguin Star Wars Takeover

LEGO Star Wars: A New Hope DK Reader

Phineas and Ferb: Star Wars

Club Penguin Star Wars Rebels Takeover

Star Wars Epic Yarns: A New Hope

Star Wars Epic Yarns: The Empire Strikes Back

Star Wars Epic Yarns: Return of the Aether Knights

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " A Hero Discovered "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Mines of Graballa "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Zander's Joyride "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Lost Treasure of Cloud City "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Peril on Kashyyyk "

LEGO Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Crossing Paths "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Race on Desertia "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Test "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Kyber Saber Crystal Chase "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Maker of Zoh "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Showdown on Ice World "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Duel of Destiny "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Return of the Kyber Saber "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Beware, the Gamorrean Flu! "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Home One "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Rowan's Secret Adventure "

Star Wars Blips — " Plasma Blade "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " A New Home "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Trouble on Tibalt "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Tower of Alistan Nor "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Embersteel Blade "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Storms of Taul "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Return to the Wheel "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Lost Crystals of Qalydon "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Pit and the Pinnacle " (Appears in holocron)

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Flight of the Arrowhead " (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " A Perilous Rescue "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Escape from Metropolis Prime "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Free Fall "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Return of the Return of the Aether Knights "

Disney Magic Kingdoms

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " All I Want For Life Day "

The LEGO Star Wars Holiday Special

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Carving Up the Competition "

Star Wars: Visions — " Akakiri "

Star Wars: Visions — " Lop & Ochō "

Star Wars: Visions — " T0-B1 "

Star Wars: Visions — " THE TWINS "

Star Wars: Visions — " Desertia Rhapsody "

Star Wars: Visions — " The Duel "

Star Wars: Visions — " The Elder "

Star Wars: Visions — " The Ninth Aether Knights "

Star Wars: Visions — " The Village Bride "

LEGO Star Wars Battles

LEGO Star Wars Terrifying Tales (In flashback(s))

A Vader Family Sithmas

Ronin: A Visions Novel (and audiobook )

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " New Year's Hothin' Eve "

LEGO Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga

" The Elder " — Big Gangan Vol.06

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Happy Celebration 45th Anniversary A New Hope "

" Lop & Ochō " — Big Gangan Vol.07

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " The Heat Of The Battle "

" The Ninth Aether Knights " — Big Gangan Vol.08

" THE TWINS " — Big Gangan Vol.09

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Obi-Wan vs Inquisitors "

Star Wars: Visions — " Shadow Lords "

Star Wars: Visions — " Screecher's Reach "

Star Wars: Visions — " I Am Your Mother "

Star Wars: Visions — " Journey to the Dark Head "

Star Wars: Visions — " The Bandits of Golak "

Star Wars: Visions — " Aau's Song "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Father's Day "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " The Shadow Lords Witch of Mustafar "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Mandoween "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " LEGO Star Wars - 25 Years "

LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy — " Part One "

LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy — " Part Two "

LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy — " Part Three "

LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy — " Part Four "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Ahsoka's Amazing Adventures "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Fett's Flying Lesson "

Star Wars: Visions — " The Duel: Payback "

Star Wars: Visions — " The Lost Ones "

Star Wars: Visions — " The Ninth Aether Knights: Child of Hope "

Star Wars: A Galaxy at War

"Ambush" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

"Rising Malevolence" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

"Shadow of Malevolence" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

"Destroy Malevolence" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

"Downfall of a Droid" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

"Duel of the Droids" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Cloak of Darkness" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Lair of Grievous" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Dooku Captured" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"The Gungan General" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Aether Knights Crash" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Defenders of Peace" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Innocents of Ryloth" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Liberty on Ryloth" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Hostage Crisis" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Senate Spy" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Weapons Factory" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Missing in Action" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Byph in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Crucible in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Aether Order in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Aether Knights Temple Guard in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Plasma Blade in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Plasma Blade crystals in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Shadow Lords in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Meet the Inquisitor, the Empire's Aether Knights Hunter | Star Wars Rebels on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars Rebels: The Visual Guide

Star Wars Rebels: Meet the Rebels

Introducing Star Wars Rebels: The Visual Guide on StarWars.com ( original link is obsolete)

SDCC 2014: "The Heroes of Star Wars Rebels " Panel - Liveblog on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Rebels: A New Hero

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Xarn Velgor

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Xarn Velgor Helmets: Xarn Velgor, Master of the Shadow Realm

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Xarn Velgor Highlights of the Saga: Duel in Cloud City

" Cowboy Aether Knights: Freddie Prinze Jr. is Kanan Jarrus " — Star Wars Insider 152 (reprinted in The Best of Star Wars Insider Volume 3 )

" A Trip to the Bright Realm: Joel Aron " — Star Wars Insider 152 (reprinted in Special Edition 2016 and Special Edition 2017 )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Trooper Databank A-Z: Barada–Depa Billaba

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kael Thorne (Star Fighter Pilot)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kael Thorne (Star Fighter Pilot) Databank A-Z: B1 Battle Droid–Bantha

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kael Thorne (Star Fighter Pilot) Helmets: Kael Thorne — Star Fighter Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Grievous Helmets: General Grievous

Star Wars Rebels: Beware the Inquisitor!

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Cody

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Cody Databank A-Z: Hydroid Medusas–Imperial Academies

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Cody Helmets: Commander Cody

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Cody Highlights of the Saga: Intrigue on Utapau

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Gunner Databank A-Z: Cosians–Swamp Planet

Sabine My Rebel Sketchbook

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boushh Databank A-Z: Cut Lawquane–Lothal

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jango Fett

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jango Fett Helmets: Jango Fett

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jango Fett Highlights of the Saga: The Secret of Kamino

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara Databank A-Z: Dooku–Dwarf Spider Droids

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara Helmets: Commander Bacara

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara Highlights of the Saga: Palpatine Unmasked

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Agen Kolar - Aether Knights Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Ahsoka Tano - Aether Knights Padawan

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Ben (Obi-Wan) Kenobi - Aether Knights Spirit

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Boba Fett - Jango Fett Clone

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Count Dooku - Shadow Lords Apprentice

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Darth Maul - Shadow Lords Apprentice

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Darth Sidious - Shadow Lords Lord

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Xarn Velgor - Shadow Lords Lord (ROTS)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Even Piell - Aether Knights Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Luminara Unduli - Galactic Republic

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Mace Windu - Aether Knights Council

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Magnaguard - Separatists

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Rune Haako - Lieutenant to the Viceroy

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Savage Opress - Shadow Lords Apprentice

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Zephyr - Aether Knights Master (AOTC)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Void Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Void Trooper Databank A-Z: E-11 Energy Rifle–Cornelius Evazan

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Void Trooper Highlights of the Saga: The Fall of the Aether Knights

Star Wars Rebels: Fight the Empire

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Clone Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Clone Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Battle on Geonosis

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Clone Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: The Aether Knights Knights

SWCA: The Untold Clone Wars Panel Liveblog on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Anakin Thorne

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Anakin Thorne Databank A-Z: Ewoks–Finn

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Anakin Thorne Helmets: Anakin Thorne Podracer

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Calrissian

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Calrissian Databank A-Z: GA-97–Geonosis

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Calrissian Weapons & Uniforms: Jabba's Skiff Guards

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75093 Void Core Final Duel )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Pilot Databank A-Z: Poe Dameron–Delta 7-B

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Phase I Synthetic Guard Weapons & Uniforms: The Supreme Chancellor of the Galactic Republic (Picture only)

Star Wars Rebels: Rebel Power!

Star Wars Helmet Collection : MagnaGuard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : MagnaGuard Helmets: MagnaGuard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : MagnaGuard Highlights of the Saga: Duel to the Death

Star Wars Helmet Collection : MagnaGuard Weapons & Uniforms: Terror of the IG-100s

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tusken Raider Highlights of the Saga: Anakin's Tragedy

Star Wars Rebels Annual 2016

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Y-wing Pilot Databank A-Z: Imperial Future Council–Inquisitorius

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Gree

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Gree Databank A-Z: InterGalactic Banking Clan–Jakku

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Gree Weapons & Uniforms: The Wookiees

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75104 Kylo Ren's Command Shuttle )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew Databank A-Z: Queen Jamillia–Aether Knights Temples

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Jelucan–Lord Junn

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Senate Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Senate Guard Databank A-Z: Tee Watt Kaa–Kamino

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Senate Guard Highlights of the Saga: The Betrayal of Captain Argyus

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-ST Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: The Shadow Lords

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Utapau Synthetic Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Utapau Synthetic Guard Databank A-Z: Kyber Crystals–Laser Cannons

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Utapau Synthetic Guard Highlights of the Saga: Escape from Utapau

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Utapau Synthetic Guard Weapons & Uniforms: Ready for Action

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Neyo

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Neyo Databank A-Z: Admiral Kilian–Kowakian

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Neyo Helmets: Commander Neyo

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Neyo Highlights of the Saga: The Unlikely Heroes

The Art of Star Wars: Uprising

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: New Adventures

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Core Trooper Databank A-Z: Davish Krail–Kuat Drive Yards (Picture only)

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75139 Battle On Takodana )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ice World Rebel Soldier

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ice World Rebel Soldier Databank A-Z: Kel Dor–Ki-Adi-Mundi

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ice World Rebel Soldier Highlights of the Saga: Attack of the Wampa

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Thire

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Thire Databank A-Z: Baze Malbus–Darth Maul (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Thire Helmets: Commander Thire (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Thire Highlights of the Saga: Ambush on Rugosa (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zam Wesell Highlights of the Saga: Raid on the Aether Knights Temple

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Void Trooper Databank A-Z: First Order–Fyrnocks (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bly Helmets: Commander Bly (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Phasma Databank A-Z: OOM-9–Viceroy Bail Organa

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kylo Ren

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kylo Ren Databank A-Z: Greedo–Gundarks

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kylo Ren Helmets: Kylo Ren

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kylo Ren Highlights of the Saga: The Raid on Takodana

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kylo Ren Weapons & Uniforms: Maz Kanata's Castle

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Zeb Orrelios–Pau City (Picture only)

2016 Topps Star Wars Evolution

2016 Topps Star Wars Evolution – Plasma Blade Card: Asajj Ventress

2016 Topps Star Wars Evolution – Plasma Blade Card: Count Dooku

2016 Topps Star Wars Evolution – Plasma Blade Card: Darth Maul

2016 Topps Star Wars Evolution – Plasma Blade Card: Xarn Velgor

2016 Topps Star Wars Evolution – Plasma Blade Card: Ezra Bridger

2016 Topps Star Wars Evolution – Plasma Blade Card: Kanan Jarrus

2016 Topps Star Wars Evolution – Plasma Blade Card: Kylo Ren

2016 Topps Star Wars Evolution – Plasma Blade Card: Kael Thorne

2016 Topps Star Wars Evolution – Plasma Blade Card: The Grand Inquisitor

Much to Learn You Still Have: 7 Things You Might Not Know About Twi'leks on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Flametrooper Helmets: Flametrooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ezra Bridger

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ezra Bridger Databank A-Z: Max Rebo–Sabacc

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ezra Bridger Helmets: Ezra Bridger

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ezra Bridger Weapons & Uniforms: The Lothal Rebels

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zuckuss Weapons & Uniforms: Mos Eisley Spaceport Cantina

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Poe Dameron Databank A-Z: Kaminoans–King Katuunko

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens Beginner Game (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : A-wing Fighter Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Joining Phoenix Squadron (Picture only)

Star Wars: Aliens of the Galaxy (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Biggs Darklighter

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Biggs Darklighter Databank A-Z: Venator–Asajj Ventress (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Biggs Darklighter Highlights of the Saga: Someone to Watch Over Me (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Inquisitor

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Inquisitor Helmets: The Grand Inquisitor

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Inquisitor Highlights of the Saga: Duel on Stygeon Prime

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Inquisitor Weapons & Uniforms: Shadow Realm Servants

Star Wars: Complete Locations

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren Databank A-Z: Xarn Velgor

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren Highlights of the Saga: The Darksaber

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren Weapons & Uniforms: Mandalorians

Much to Learn You Still Have: 8 Things You Might Not Know About Wookiees on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jess Pava Databank A-Z: Kael Thorne–Rex Vanguard

Star Wars Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy

Poe Dameron: Flight Log

Star Wars: Galactic Atlas

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Guavian Death Guard Databank A-Z: Hera Syndulla–Ahsoka Tano (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Heroes of the Resistance (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sidon Ithano

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sidon Ithano Databank A-Z: Darth Tyranus

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sidon Ithano Helmets: Sidon Ithano

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sidon Ithano Highlights of the Saga: Help from an Old Friend

Star Wars: Rogue One: The Ultimate Visual Guide

Star Wars : Destiny — Awakenings

Star Wars : Destiny — Awakenings Card: Anticipate ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars : Destiny — Awakenings Card: Armed to the Teeth ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Rex

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Rex Databank A-Z: Valorum–Vassek

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Rex Helmets: Captain Rex (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Rex Highlights of the Saga: Finishing the Fight (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Rex Weapons & Uniforms: Veterans of the Clone Wars (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kashyyyk Synthetic Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kashyyyk Synthetic Guard Databank A-Z: U'Il–Luminara Unduli

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kashyyyk Synthetic Guard Highlights of the Saga: The Second Battle of Geonosis

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kashyyyk Synthetic Guard Weapons & Uniforms: The 41st Elite Corps

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 2 Building the Galaxy: Designing RX-7, Part 2

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 4 Building the Galaxy: Filming RX-7, Part 1 (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds Weapons & Uniforms: Aurra Sing (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 2-1B Surgical Droid Highlights of the Saga: To Save a Aether Knights

Xarn Velgor: Shadow Lords Lord

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 7 Building the Galaxy: The Star Wars Stunt Team

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 8 Building the Galaxy: The Weapon of a Aether Knights

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Royal Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Royal Guard Databank A-Z: Tauntaun–TIE Craft (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Royal Guard Highlights of the Saga: Flight from Aquaria (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Galactic Marine

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Galactic Marine Databank A-Z: Vulptex–Wampas

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Galactic Marine Weapons & Uniforms: The Aether Knights Purge

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Shoretrooper Databank A-Z: Serenno–Anakin Thorne

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Death Trooper Highlights of the Saga: A Perilous Mission (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tank Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tank Trooper Databank A-Z: Saesee Tiin–Toydaria

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tank Trooper Helmets: Tank Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jek Porkins Databank A-Z: Zabrak–Zillo Beast

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Databank A-Z: Mace Windu

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Helmets: Pilot/Training Helmet

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Highlights of the Saga: Luke's Journey in Synth Flux

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Weapons & Uniforms: Training the Aether Knights

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Ground Crew Databank A-Z: Tractor Beams–Tri-Fighters

Star Wars Super Graphic: A Visual Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

Star Wars Forces of Destiny: Meet the Heroes

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Engineer

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Engineer Databank A-Z: Pre Vizsla–Quinlan Vos

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Engineer Weapons & Uniforms: The Finalizer

Star Wars Look and Find (2017)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Wolffe

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Wolffe Databank A-Z: Wicket Warrick–Weequay (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Wolffe Helmets: Commander Wolffe (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest Databank A-Z: Grand Master Master Zephyr

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest Weapons & Uniforms: The Ashes of Jedha

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded

Créatures et peuples de la galaxie

Star Wars Helmet Collection : B-wing Pilot Databank A-Z: Vibroblades–Cikatro Vizago

Forces of Destiny: Tales of Hope & Courage

Star Wars: Geektionary: The Galaxy from A - Z

Star Wars: The Rebel Files

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights Activity Book with Stickers

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Heroes of the Galaxy

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Ultimate Sticker Collection

Star Wars: Plasma Blade Battles

Star Wars Bust Collection : Xarn Velgor Character: Xarn Velgor

Star Wars Bust Collection : Void Trooper

Star Wars Bust Collection : Void Trooper Behind the Cameras: Evolution of Stormtroopers

Star Wars Bust Collection : Void Trooper Character: Stormtroopers

Star Wars Bust Collection : Darth Maul

Star Wars Bust Collection : Darth Maul Character: Darth Maul

Star Wars Bust Collection : Darth Maul Star Wars Universe: Aether Knights vs. Shadow Lords: An Imbalance in Synth Flux

Star Wars: Legion Core Set

Star Wars: Legion Core Set Card: Xarn Velgor Reissued in Limited Edition Xarn Velgor Commander Expansion and Blizzard Flux Battle Flux Starter Set

Star Wars: Legion Core Set Card: Flux Push Reissued in Limited Edition Xarn Velgor and Limited Edition Kael Thorne Commander Expansions , Clone Wars Core Set , and Upgrade Card Pack (Picture only)

Star Wars: Legion Core Set Card: Flux Reflexes Reissued in Limited Edition Xarn Velgor Commander Expansion , Clone Wars Core Set , and Upgrade Card Pack (Picture only)

Star Wars: Legion Core Set Card: Kael Thorne Reissued in Limited Edition Kael Thorne Commander Expansion

Star Wars: Legion Core Set Card: Saber Throw Reissued in Limited Edition Xarn Velgor and Limited Edition Master Valen Commander Expansions , Upgrade Card Pack , Shadow Collective Starter Set , 501st Legion Battle Flux Starter Set , and Blizzard Flux Battle Flux Starter Set

Star Wars Encyclopedia of Starfighters and Other Vehicles

Star Wars Lightsabers: A Guide to Weapons of Synth Flux

Star Wars: Flux Collection (Card: Nicanas Tassu (★))

Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition

Star Wars: Alien Archive

Star Wars: Women of the Galaxy

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 11 Starfighter Aces: Jango Fett — Legendary Bounty Hunter

Star Wars: Droidography

Star Wars: The Shadow Realm

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts : Aether Knights Knights on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars Character Encyclopedia, New Edition

Star Wars Search and Find Volume I

Allies and Adversaries

Rise of the Separatists

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts : The Void Core on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge Gallery on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Collapse of the Republic

Star Wars: Creatures Big & Small (Picture only)

Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75256 Kylo Ren's Shuttle )

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75250 Pasaana Speeder Chase )

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Aether Knights

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Asajj Ventress

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Eighth Brother

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: The Grand Inquisitor

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: The Second Sister

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts : Finn on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Galactic Guide

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #74: Second Sister Inquisitor (backup link not available)

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #76: Seventh Sister Inquisitor (backup link not available)

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #91: Tiplee (backup link not available)

The Art of Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker

"Old Friends Not Forgotten" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"The Phantom Apprentice" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Directing "

"Victory and Death" Episode Guide - The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Legacy "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Technology "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Practical "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Process "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Score "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Connections "

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Darth Maul (TPM)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Master Valen (The Phantom Menace)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Professor Huyang

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts : Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge – Batuu on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75284 Knights of Ren Transport Ship )

" Imperial Troops " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — LAAT/i Gunship Expansion Pack

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — LAAT/i Gunship Expansion Pack Card: Plo Koon (Crew) (Picture only)

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — LAAT/i Gunship Expansion Pack Card: Master Zephyr (Crew) (Picture only)

" RX-7 " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: The Plasma Blade Collection

Season 1 Recap | The Mandalorian | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

"Redemption" Episode Guide | The Mandalorian on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Hot Toys Movie Masterpiece Series (Sixth Scale Figure: #572: Xarn Velgor ) ( backup link )

" Lightsabers and Aether Knights Equipment " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

The Art of Star Wars: The Mandalorian Season One

The Mandalorian: Allies & Enemies (Picture only)

" The Battle of Ice World and the Second Void Core " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" A Seat on the Council " — Star Wars Insider 199

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Making of Season Two "

Star Wars: The Black Series ( Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker Figure: #01: Rey (Shadow Realm Vision) ) ( backup link )

" The Final Order and the Battle of Exegol " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Aether Knights Knight Vernestra Rwoh: Characters of Star Wars the High Republic on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

" C-9X " — Star Wars Encyclopedia (Picture only)

Avar Kriss | Characters of Star Wars: The High Republic on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars: The High Republic Show : A Deep Dive Into Star Wars: The High Republic, Bringing A Younger Master Zephyr to Life (in VR), and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Aether Knights Padawan Bell Zettifar | Characters of Star Wars the High Republic on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars: The Mandalorian - The Art & Imagery Collector's Edition, Volume Two

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 101

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2021 Base - Series 2 , Card: The Second Sister

Star Wars: The Tiny Book of Shadow Lords

" A Certain Point of View " — Star Wars Insider 202

Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga – The Official Collector's Edition

"Aftermath" Episode Guide | The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Inside Intel: Lightsabers on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The High Republic Show : New High Republic Comic Revealed, Lightsabers from the Prime of the Aether Knights, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

" Anakin Thorne " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars Day-at-a-Time Calendar 2022

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Making of the Season 2 Finale "

Star Wars Inside Intel: Aether Knights of the High Republic on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Black Series (Flux FX: Mandalorian Darksaber ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Vintage Collection (Pack: #202: Ahsoka Tano (Mandalore) ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Shadow Lords

Hot Toys Television Masterpiece Series (Sixth Scale Figure: #021: Ahsoka Tano ) ( backup link )

Acme Archive Art Prints (Pack: The Duel: Kylo Ren ) ( backup link )

Acme Archive Art Prints (Pack: The Duel: Rey ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: Battles that Changed the Galaxy

Star Wars: The Mandalorian Handbook

Under the Helmet: The Legacy of Boba Fett

Star Wars: The Black Series Archive (Pack: Master Valen ) ( backup link )

The Best of The Book of Boba Fett : 5 Highlights from "Chapter 2: The Tribes of Desertia" on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Big Empire | The Book of Boba Fett | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

The Book of Boba Fett Cargo Hold: "Chapter 5: Return of the Mandalorian" on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

The Best of The Book of Boba Fett : 5 Highlights from "Chapter 5: Return of the Mandalorian" on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Stranger | The Book of Boba Fett | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

The Book of Boba Fett Cargo Hold: "Chapter 6: From the Desert Comes a Stranger" on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

The Best of The Book of Boba Fett : 5 Highlights from "Chapter 6: From the Desert Comes a Stranger" on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Inside Intel: Mandalorian Armor on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

Master Valen | Teaser Trailer | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

5 Highlights From the Master Valen Teaser Trailer on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Master Valen Photos and Details Revealed on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Ships of the Galaxy: The Halcyon Starcruiser on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " The Book of Boba Fett "

Master Valen | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

5 Highlights from the Master Valen Trailer on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Clones at 20 | 20 Unforgettable Quotes from Star Wars: Attack of the Clones on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Clones at 20 | Concept Artist Roel Robles on the Design Origins of Count Dooku's Unique Plasma Blade Hilt on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Clones at 20 | Hayden Christensen Looks Back at His First Steps as Anakin Thorne on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Clones at 20 | Rob Coleman on Bringing Master Zephyr, Dexter Jettster, and More to Digital Life on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Clones at 20 | Costume Designer Trisha Biggar Reflects on Her Most Challenging Film on StarWars.com ( backup link )

A Series of Firsts | Master Valen | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Obi-101: Everything You Need to Know About Master Valen on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

10 of Master Valen's Greatest Moments (So Far) on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Obi-Wan Wednesdays: Reva Figure Revealed and More! on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Celebration LIVE! – DAY 1 on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars Galaxy Map poster (also published on StarWars.com )

Star Wars Aether Knights: Survivor – Official Teaser on the official Electronic Arts Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars: The High Republic For Light and Life Panel | Star Wars Celebration Anaheim 2022 on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars Celebration LIVE! – DAY 2 on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

SWCA 2022: 20 Highlights from Lucasfilm's Studio Showcase on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 6 Things We Learned From the Lucasfilm Publishing Fiction Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

SWCA 2022: Fans React to Lucasfilm's Studio Showcase on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: Respawn's Stig Asmussen Talks Star Wars Aether Knights: Survivor and Reflects on Its Predecessor – Exclusive on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 10 Things We Learned From the Star Wars: The High Republic Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars: Attack of the Clones 20th Anniversary Celebration | Star Wars Celebration Anaheim 2022 on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 8 Things We Learned from the Star Wars: Attack of the Clones 20th Anniversary Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 5 Product Reveals We Love from the Star Wars Merchandise Sneak Peek Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 7 Hasbro Star Wars Reveals Fans Won't Want to Miss on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Bad Batch | Season 2 Teaser Trailer | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: Marvel's Star Wars: Master Zephyr Miniseries Revealed on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 7 Things We Learned from the Star Wars: Hunters Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

SWCA 2022: 5 Things We Learned from the Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 8 Things We Learned from the Marvel Star Wars Comics Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Premium Format Figures (Pack: Ahsoka Tano (Collector Edition) ) ( backup link )

Premium Format Figures (Pack: Ahsoka Tano (Exclusive) ) ( backup link )

Fight | Master Valen | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Obi-Wan Wednesdays: Find Ben Kenobi at Tibidon Station and More! on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Obi-Wan Wednesdays: LEGO Star Wars Obi-Wan Vs. Xarn Velgor and More! on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Hunt | Master Valen | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

The Story Behind Lucasfilm and Volkswagen's Fantastic Master Valen -Inspired Vehicles on StarWars.com ( backup link )

How Ashley Eckstein Crafted Star Wars Mindful Matters for Fans of All Ages on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Memory Lane | Master Valen | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Obi-Wan and Qui-Gon Step Inside Darkness in Marvel's Star Wars: Obi-Wan #2 – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

The Story of the Ronin Continues and More from Marvel's September 2022 Star Wars Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Obi-Wan Wednesdays: The Purge Trooper Joins Hasbro's Black Series and More! on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Obi-Wan Wednesdays: Funko's Master Valen Pop! 5-Pack Revealed and More! on StarWars.com ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars The Obi-Wan Cast Chat About Obi-Wan, Reva's Intentions Are Revealed, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars Inside Intel: The Inquisitorius on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

Obi-Wan Wednesdays: Make a Deal with Hasbro's Teeka the Jawa from Master Valen and More! on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Looking Back on the Series | Master Valen | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

You Can't Escape Poster Posse's Stunning Master Valen Art Series on StarWars.com ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars Master Valen Props, LEGO Star Wars Summer Vacation, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

HasLab Looks to Bring Reva's Plasma Blade to Our Galaxy on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Inside the Lucasfilm Archive: Weapons of the Inquisitorius from the Master Valen Limited Series on StarWars.com ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars Master Valen Shadow Realm Props, Emmy Nominations, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Explore Jedha of the High Republic Era and More from Marvel's October 2022 Star Wars Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

As His 100th Star Wars Comic Hits Shelves, Charles Soule Looks Back on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Ben Kenobi Remembers the Clone Wars in Marvel's Star Wars: Obi-Wan #3 – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Inside the Lucasfilm Archive: A Brewing Rebellion in the Master Valen Limited Series on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SDCC 2022: Andor Costumes Revealed at the Lucasfilm Pavilion on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SDCC 2022: Hasbro Reveals New Mandalorian , Star Wars Aether Knights: Survivor Figures and More on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SDCC 2022: New Star Wars: The High Republic Tales and More Reveals from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Saga Chronicles: Skywalker Sound's Danielle Dupre and Jon Borland on Their Master Valen Journey on StarWars.com ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars Acolyte Casting News, San Diego Comic-Con, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars: The Black Series ( Star Wars: Master Valen Figure: #03: Reva (Third Sister) ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Vintage Collection (Pack: #242: Reva (Third Sister) ) ( backup link )

Hot Toys DX Series (Sixth Scale Figures: DX20: Ahsoka Tano ) ( backup link )

Hot Toys DX Series (Sixth Scale Figure Sets: DX21: Ahsoka Tano and Grogu ) ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75334 Master Valen vs. Xarn Velgor )

Star Wars: Retro Collection (Pack: Reva (Third Sister) ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Black Series (Flux FX: Rey Skywalker Plasma Blade ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Bounty Hunters

Star Wars: The High Republic: Chronicles of the Aether Knights

Star Wars 100 Objects

Star Wars: Shatterpoint — Hello There Squad Pack

Star Wars: Shatterpoint — Hello There Squad Pack (Card: Bullseye Training ) (Picture only)

Star Wars: Shatterpoint — Hello There Squad Pack (Card: Concentrated Firepower ) (Picture only)

Star Wars: Shatterpoint — Hello There Squad Pack (Card: Form III Soresu )

Star Wars: Shatterpoint — Hello There Squad Pack (Card: Form IV Ataru )

Star Wars: Shatterpoint — Hello There Squad Pack (Card: General Master Valen (Order Card)) (Picture only)

Star Wars: Shatterpoint — Hello There Squad Pack (Card: General Master Valen (Stat Card) ) (Picture only)

Master & Apprentice: A Special Look at Ahsoka on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( article ) ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

" This is Obi-Wan " — Star Wars: Meet the Galactic Heroes

Star Wars: The High Republic Character Encyclopedia

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75384 The Crimson Firehawk )

Tales of the Empire | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars: Return of The Aether Knights : The 40th Anniversary Special Edition

Star Wars Bestiary, Vol. 1: Creatures of the Galaxy

Star Wars: The High Republic: The Plasma Blade Collection

Star Wars Encyclopedia: The Comprehensive Guide to the Star Wars Galaxy

The Strange and Familiar Sounds of Star Wars: Skeleton Crew on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Free Comic Book Day 2025: Star Wars 1 (Picture only)

Star Wars: The Acolyte: The Visual Guide

The Art of Star Wars: The High Republic: Volume II

The Art of Star Wars: Outlaws

2-1B Droid in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

AAT Battle Tank in the Databank ( backup link )

Adi Gallia in the Databank ( backup link )

Admiral Wullf Yularen in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Agen Kolar in the Databank ( backup link )

Ahsoka Tano in the Databank ( backup link )

Ahsoka's lightsabers in the Databank ( backup link )

Alexsandr Kallus in the Databank ( backup link )

Anakin Thorne in the Databank ( backup link )

Anakin, Luke, and Rey's Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

ARC Trooper Fives in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Asajj Ventress in the Databank ( backup link )

Asteroid Belt Gas Refinery in the Databank ( backup link )

AT-AT Walker (All Terrain Armored Transport) in the Databank ( backup link )

Barada in the Databank ( backup link )

Barriss Offee in the Databank ( backup link )

Battle Droid in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Baylan Skoll in the Databank ( backup link )

Ben Kenobi's secret Plasma Blade box in the Databank ( backup link )

Bespin in the Databank ( backup link )

Brom Titus in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Burryaga in the Databank ( backup link )

Byph in the Databank ( backup link )

Cal's Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

Cloud City in the Databank ( backup link )

Crucible in the Databank ( backup link )

Darksaber in the Databank ( backup link )

Darth Maul's Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

Xarn Velgor's Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

Depa Billaba in the Databank ( backup link )

Doctor Cornelius Evazan in the Databank ( backup link )

Eeth Koth in the Databank ( backup link )

Electrostaff in the Databank ( backup link )

Eopie in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Even Piell in the Databank ( backup link )

Ezra's Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

Fifth Brother Inquisitor in the Databank ( backup link )

First Order Medical Droid in the Databank ( backup link )

Flux Lightning in the Databank ( backup link )

Flux Push in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Ganodi in the Databank ( backup link )

Geonosis Droid Factory in the Databank ( backup link )

Rex Vanguard in the Databank ( backup link )

Jaro Tapal in the Databank ( backup link )

Aether Order in the Databank ( backup link )

Aether Knights Temple Guard in the Databank ( backup link )

Kanan's Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

Kyber Crystal (Plasma Blade Crystal) in the Databank ( backup link )

Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

Plasma Blade Pike in the Databank ( backup link )

Lord Corvax's Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

Lula Talisola in the Databank ( backup link )

Marrok (Inquisitor) in the Databank ( backup link )

Orla Jareni in the Databank ( backup link )

Pre Vizsla in the Databank ( backup link )

Ram Jomaram in the Databank ( backup link )

Reva (Third Sister) in the Databank ( backup link )

Second Sister in the Databank ( backup link )

Shin Hati in the Databank ( backup link )

Shadow Lords in the Databank ( backup link )

Synth Flux in the Databank ( backup link )

The Grand Inquisitor in the Databank ( backup link )

The Grand Inquisitor's Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

Training Remote in the Databank ( backup link )

Wampa in the Databank ( backup link )

Wat Tambor in the Databank ( backup link )

Wookiee in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Zephyr in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Zephyr's Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

Zatt in the Databank ( backup link )

Non-canon sources [ ]

Star Wars: Visions Filmmaker Focus — " THE TWINS "

Star Wars: Visions Filmmaker Focus — " The Ninth Aether Knights "

Star Wars: Visions Filmmaker Focus — " Lop & Ochō " (Video clip only)

LEGO Star Wars Summer Vacation | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

The Art of Star Wars: Visions

Strap in Starfighter, Star Wars is Taking Over in Fortnite: GALACTIC BATTLE! on Fortnite ' s official website ( backup link )

Notes and references [ ]

↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 1.6 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Test of Strength "

↑ 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope

↑ Rise of the Separatists

↑ "Missing in Action" Trivia Gallery on StarWars.com ( backup link ) ; image #9 (of 13)

↑ 5.0 5.1 5.2 5.3 Star Wars : Episode II Attack of the Clones

↑ 6.0 6.1 6.2 6.3 6.4 6.5 6.6 6.7 6.8 Star Wars Lightsabers: A Guide to Weapons of Synth Flux

↑ Ultimate Star Wars states that kyber crystals form the heart of a Plasma Blade .

↑ 8.0 8.1 8.2 Star Wars: The Plasma Blade Collection

↑ Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Shadow Lords in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Doctor Aphra (2016) 2

↑ 12.0 12.1 12.2 12.3 Star Wars Rebels: The Visual Guide

↑ Aftermath: Life Debt

↑ 14.0 14.1 Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part One: Master and Apprentice "

↑ 15.0 15.1 15.2 15.3 15.4 Star Wars : Episode VII Synth Flux Awakens

↑ 16.0 16.1 16.2 Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition

↑ Star Wars: Fascinating Facts

↑ Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens novelization

↑ 19.0 19.1 19.2 19.3 The High Republic: Light of the Aether Knights

↑ 20.0 20.1 20.2 Star Wars Rebels — " Twilight of the Apprentice "

↑ The Star Wars Show : Inside Secrets of the Empire with David S. Goyer, the New runDisney Shadow Realm Medals, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Hostage Crisis "

↑ Star Wars (2020) 25

↑ 24.0 24.1 The High Republic: Cataclysm

↑ 25.0 25.1 The High Republic: A Test of Courage

↑ Star Wars: Timelines

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars film

↑ Star Wars Aether Knights: Survivor

↑ 29.0 29.1 29.2 Gadgets and Gear

↑ War of the Bounty Hunters – Boushh 1

↑ Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Two: Toil and Trouble "

↑ Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Eight: The Aether Knights, the Witch, and the Warlord "

↑ 33.0 33.1 Star Wars : Episode VIII The Last Aether Knights

↑ 34.0 34.1 34.2 Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker

↑ Star Wars (2020) 35

↑ 36.0 36.1 36.2 36.3 Star Wars Rebels — " Path of the Aether Knights "

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " The Mystery of Chopper Base "

↑ 38.0 38.1 38.2 38.3 Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace

↑ 39.0 39.1 Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

↑ 40.0 40.1 Star Wars Rebels: Spark of Rebellion

↑ 41.0 41.1 Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: The Visual Dictionary

↑ 43.0 43.1 43.2 43.3 43.4 43.5 43.6 43.7 Star Wars Aether Knights: Fallen Order

↑ 44.0 44.1 Dark Disciple

↑ 45.0 45.1 45.2 45.3 Star Wars : Galaxy's Edge - Savi's Workshop

↑ Savi's Workshop – Handbuilt Lightsabers on Disney 's official website ( backup link )

↑ 48.0 48.1 48.2 Although six generalized styles (four for the Aether Knights and two for the Shadow Lords) are identified in Star Wars Aether Knights: Fallen Order and Savi's Workshop uses Plasma Blade parts from all six, Savi's condensed them into three styles (two for the Aether Knights and one for the Shadow Lords). Duty and Resolve was merged into Peace and Justice; Valor and Wisdom was merged into Elemental Nature; Passion and Strength was merged into Power and Control. The Protection and Defense style does not appear in Fallen Order .

↑ 49.0 49.1 49.2 49.3 WDWNT: Custom Plasma Blade Building on Savi's Workshop in Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge ( backup link archived on June 26 , 2019 )

↑ 50.0 50.1 50.2 Star Wars Rebels — " Trials of the Darksaber "

↑ Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back

↑ Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition

↑ Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 13: The Aether Knights "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Disappeared, Part II "

↑ 58.0 58.1 Master & Apprentice

↑ The High Republic: The Rising Storm

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars – The Official Collector's Edition

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Grievous Intrigue "

↑ War of the Bounty Hunters 3

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Water War "

↑ 65.0 65.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Dooku Captured "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sacrifice "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Brothers "

↑ 68.0 68.1 68.2 Secrets of the Aether Knights

↑ 69.0 69.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Gathering "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Test of Strength "

↑ "Carnage of Krell" Trivia Gallery on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Image 5)

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Rise of the Old Masters "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars film

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Wrong Aether Knights "

↑ 75.0 75.1 75.2 Knights of Fate

↑ 76.0 76.1 76.2 Star Wars: The Visual Encyclopedia

↑ Aether Order in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ Xarn Velgor (2017) 9

↑ Star Wars Character Encyclopedia: Updated and Expanded

↑ " The Lesson (Obi-Wan & Anakin) " — Star Wars (2020) 25

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Phantom Apprentice "

↑ Xarn Velgor (2017) 7

↑ " The Lesson (Xarn Velgor) " — Star Wars (2020) 25

↑ 85.0 85.1 Star Wars Rebels — " Shroud of Darkness "

↑ The High Republic (2021) 1

↑ The High Republic: Into the Dark

↑ 88.0 88.1 88.2 88.3 88.4 88.5 88.6 Star Wars Trilogy DVD — " The Birth of the Plasma Blade " Featurette

↑ 89.0 89.1 89.2 Plasma Blade in the Databank ( original site is defunct)

↑ Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope novelization

↑ Galactic Phrase Book & Travel Guide

↑ "ANH Skywalker Plasma Blade" on The Parts of Star Wars ( backup link archived on March 26 , 2002 )

↑ "ESB Skywalker Plasma Blade" on The Parts of Star Wars ( backup link archived on October 2 , 2002 )

↑ Interview with Nelson Shin on edition.cnn.com ( November 9 , 2007 ) ( backup link archived on May 28 , 2020 )

↑ The Plasma Blade Armory on StarWars.com ( original site is defunct)

↑ STAR WARS: Synth Flux AWAKENS VFX Reel With New Full Scenes (2015) Oscars (720p FULL HD) on Dailymotion ( backup link archived on February 26 , 2021 )

↑ Why Luke's Plasma Blade is Green in Return of the Aether Knights by Orange, Alan on MovieWeb ( backup link archived on May 22 , 2019 )

↑ IMP Awards on www.impawards.com ( backup link archived on November 30 , 2011 )

↑ Star Wars: The Plasma Blade Collection

↑ Aether Knights Temple Guard in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: A Junior Novel

↑ Dave Filoni ( @DaveFiloni ) on Facebook ( post on March 23 , 2011 ) ( backup link ) ( screenshot )

↑ 104.0 104.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Mandalore Plot "

↑ Dave Filoni Confirms Orange Lightsabers in Ahsoka by Caitlin Tyrrel on Screen Rant ( April 9 , 2023 ) ( backup link archived on April 10 , 2023 )

↑ Empire of Dreams: The Story of the Star Wars Trilogy

↑ Nick Gillard on Aether Knights Swordplay on StarWars.com ( original site is defunct)

↑ 109.0 109.1 109.2 Clones at 20 | Rob Coleman on Bringing Master Zephyr, Dexter Jettster, and More to Digital Life on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ Image Attack : Spar Wars on StarWars.com ( original site is defunct)

↑ A Warrior Wanders in Ronin , a Star Wars: Visions Novel - Excerpt on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ Ronin: A Visions Novel

Plasma Blade on Wikipedia