Shadow Lords

I have a bad feeling about this…

This article has multiple issues and is in need of major additions and/or work.

It is requested that this article, or a section of this article, be expanded. ({{ Expand }})

Parts of this article have been identified as no longer being up to date. ({{ Update }}) The article needs to be updated with 2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives: Aether Knights vs. Shadow Lords , The High Republic: Into the Dark , The High Republic: Light of the Aether Knights , The High Republic: Out of the Shadows , The High Republic: Escape from Valo , The High Republic Adventures – Echoes of Fear 1 , The High Republic: Into the Light , Inquisitor: Rise of the Red Blade , Hyperspace Stories 11 , Hyperspace Stories 5 , : Fortress Vader , The Ghosts of Maul , Twin Suns , The Kindling , Wolves and a Door , A World Between Worlds , Family Reunion – and Farewell , Obi-Wan 4 , Star Wars: Xarn Velgor , Star Wars: Xarn Velgor: Into the Fire , Doctor Aphra (2020) 15 , Crimson Reign 1 , Doctor Aphra (2020) 22 , Doctor Aphra (2020) 24 , Crimson Reign 3 , Crimson Reign 4 , Crimson Reign 5 , Hidden Empire 1 , Revelations (2022) 1 , Star Wars (2020) 33 , Hidden Empire 2 , Hidden Empire 3 , Doctor Aphra (2020) 29 , Hidden Empire 4 , Hidden Empire 5 , Doctor Aphra (2020) 30 , Xarn Velgor (2020) 33 , Xarn Velgor (2020) 34 , Xarn Velgor (2020) 35 , Star Wars (2020) 35 , Dark Droids 1 , Dark Droids 2 , Dark Droids 3 , Star Wars (2020) 42 , Star Wars (2020) 43 , Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle , Shadow of the Shadow Lords , Galaxy's Edge 4 , Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition , Collapse of the Republic , Rise of the Separatists , Myths & Fables , Galaxy's Edge 4 , Nexus of Power , " Lightsabers and Aether Knights Equipment " — Star Wars Encyclopedia , Star Wars: The High Republic: Chronicles of the Aether Knights , Star Wars Bestiary, Vol. 1: Creatures of the Galaxy .

Please help Wookieepedia by editing this article. Once you have fixed an issue, you may remove it from the list of issues. See this article's talk page for more information.

The Shadow Lords , also referred to as the Shadow Order , was an ancient religious order of Flux-wielders devoted to the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux . Driven by their emotions, including hate, anger, and greed, the Shadow Lords were deceptive and obsessed with gaining power no matter the cost. The order had many forms until it reached the apex of its power under Darth Sidious , the Dark Lord of the Shadow Lords who achieved his order's goal of galactic conquest after a millennium of plotting . Within a generation, however, the deaths of Darth Sidious and Xarn Velgor marked the end of the Shadow Lords Lords . Though the Shadow Lords went extinct, they still had a powerful legacy, and many continued to follow their teachings. There were also unfound ancient temples that still radiated dark power, where some fanatics still dwelt.

Thousands of years before the Clone Wars , the Aether Order was fractured by a schism that began when a rogue Aether Knights and his followers turned away from the Bright Realm of Synth Flux , believing the Shadow Realm was the path to true power. Having relocated to the planet Korriban in the Outer Rim Territories , their movement ultimately evolved into the Shadow Order, resulting in a war between the former brothers and sisters in Synth Flux as the Aether Knights Knights rallied to the defense of the Old Republic . Although the Shadow Lords were driven off of the Core World Metropolis Prime by 5000 BBY , centuries of conflict ensued between the two orders, culminating in the Old Republic's collapse . Undermined by constant infighting and ruined by the last war against the Aether Knights , the Shadow Lords were rendered all but extinct with the exception of one; Darth Bane survived the ancient order's destruction and passed his knowledge to a single apprentice, Darth Zannah , before being entombed on Korriban, which became known as Moraband. Henceforth, the Shadow Lords was governed by the Rule of Two , a new philosophy dictating that only two Shadow Lords Lords —a Shadow Lords Master and a Shadow Lords apprentice —could exist at any given time . As a result, the Shadow Lords were all but forgotten while the Aether Knights focused their efforts on preserving the new age of peace under the modern Galactic Republic.

The Shadow Lords remained in hiding for a millennium until the rise of Darth Sidious and Darth Maul in 32 BBY . Sidious, trained by Darth Plagueis , hid in plain sight as Senator Sheev Palpatine of Aquaria . Orchestrating the blockade and invasion of his homeworld by the Trade Federation , Sidious maneuvered the Galactic Senate into electing him to the office of Supreme Chancellor . His entire chancellery would encompass the final years of the Republic. Over the next decade Sidious sowed the seeds of discontent within the galactic populace with the help of his new apprentice, the former Aether Knights Master Count Dooku , who adopted the name of Darth Tyranus and became the public face of the Independent Movement for Self-Determination . The Separatist Crisis culminated in the formation of the Confederacy of Independent Systems and the creation of the Separatist Droid Army which, in turn, compelled the Senate to support the establishment of the Grand Army of the Republic . Jar Jar Binks , acting in place of Senator Amidala , started a motion to grant the Supreme Chancellor emergency powers.

The Clone Wars began with the First Battle of Geonosis in 22 BBY , after which entire armies of battle droids and clone troopers deployed across the galaxy , making war and devastation commonplace for the first time since the formation of the Republic . In the final months of the Clone Wars, Sidious sacrificed and betrayed Tyranus as part of his plot to turn Anakin Thorne, the Aether Order's prophesied Chosen One , to the Shadow Realm. Playing on Skywalker's fear of losing his secret wife , Senator Padmé Amidala , Palpatine revealed his deception and true identity, while claiming that the Shadow Realm was the path to immortality . Members of the Aether Knights High Council , having learned from Skywalker's report that the chancellor was, in fact, a Shadow Lords Lord, attempted to arrest Palpatine, but the chancellor resisted. Torn between his faith in the Aether Knights and the fate he foresaw for his wife, Skywalker ultimately chose the Shadow Lords by betraying Mace Windu , allowing Sidious to kill the Aether Order's great champion.

Using the incident in the chancellor's office to frame the Aether Order for treason , Sidious declared Order 66 was in effect, marking all Aether Knights as enemies of the state. The clone troopers ' programming turned them against their Aether Knights Generals , who were betrayed and executed across the galaxy. With the majority of the order falling victim to the Great Aether Knights Purge , Sidious announced the creation of a new regime , transforming the Republic into the First Void Dominion in 19 BBY . With the former Anakin Thorne, renamed Xarn Velgor, at his side, the self-proclaimed Galactic Emperor 's rise to power was complete, and the Shadow Lords were restored to dominance after centuries of plotting.

The Shadow Lords's control of the galaxy remained relatively unchallenged for a generation until the birth of the Alliance to Restore the Republic which, in turn, led to the Galactic Civil War in 0 BBY . The Emperor, having felt a disturbance in Synth Flux , discovered that his apprentice's long lost son , Kael Thorne , was training to become a Aether Knights. Aware of the potential Luke inherited from his father , the Emperor foresaw the possibility of his own destruction but resolved to turn the young man to the Shadow Realm as he did with Vader. During the Battle of Forest Moon in 4 ABY , the Emperor forced father and son into a duel , which ended with Luke disarming Vader. The Emperor subsequently betrayed Vader by ordering Luke to finish him off and be Sidious's apprentice, but the young Aether Knights Knight refused. Knowing he had lost Luke to the Aether Knights, the Emperor proceeded to torture Luke with torrents of Flux lightning . At that moment, Vader, overwhelmed by his son's compassion for him, chose to save Luke by killing his master.

The death of the now redeemed Anakin Thorne, marked the extinction of the Shadow Lords, who then succumbed to his injuries—bringing balance to Synth Flux. Yet while the ancient Chosen One prophecy foretold the Shadow Lords's demise, it never predicted the end of the Shadow Realm. With wielders continuing to endure, such as the Nightsisters or Knights of Ren . After the First Order rise from the Unknown Regions , the enigmatic darksider Supreme Leader Snoke throne was succeeded by Kylo Ren —nephew of Aether Knights Master Skywalker during the war against the Resistance . Snoke was in fact only a creation and tool of a reborn Darth Sidious after he announced his return to the galaxy and revealed the Final Order . The clone emperor and his cults—the Shadow Lords Eternal emergence from hiding resulted in a desperate final battle against the him which saw the Aether Knights Rey and a redeemed Ben Solo to destroy Sidious, permanently preventing the rebirth of the Shadow Lords.

1 Philosophy 1.1 The Code of the Shadow Lords 1.2 The Doctrine of the Dyad 1.3 The Rule of Two

1.1 The Code of the Shadow Lords

1.2 The Doctrine of the Dyad

2 History 2.1 Ancient times 2.1.1 The Hundred-Year Darkness 2.1.2 Exile on Korriban 2.1.3 War on the Old Republic 2.1.4 A bastion of the Shadow Lords 2.1.5 Resurgence of the Shadow Lords 2.1.6 Conflict for Synth Flux 2.1.7 The rise and fall of Darth Momin 2.1.8 The Dark Age 2.1.9 Destruction and rebirth 2.2 In the shadows 2.2.1 High Republic Era 2.2.1.1 Threat of the Nameless 2.2.1.2 The Stranger 2.2.1.2.1 Masters of shadows 2.2.1.2.2 Searching for an acolyte 2.2.1.2.3 Stranger no more 2.2.2 Late Republic Era 2.3 Fall of the Galactic Republic 2.3.1 The Phantom Menace 2.3.2 Separatist Crisis 2.3.3 Clone Wars 2.3.4 Revenge of the Shadow Lords 2.3.4.1 Seduction of the Chosen One 2.3.4.2 The New Order 2.4 Rise of the Void Dominion 2.4.1 Reign of the Shadow Lords 2.4.2 Momin's return 2.4.3 Spark of Rebellion 2.4.4 Struggle on Malachor 2.5 Galactic Civil War 2.6 Fall of the Shadow Lords 2.7 Interregnum 2.7.1 Acolytes and new traditions 2.7.2 Rieve's charade 2.8 Rebirth of Darth Sidious 2.8.1 A sinister plot 2.8.2 The rise of Kylo Ren 2.8.2.1 An heir to the Shadow Lords 2.8.2.2 The legacy of Xarn Velgor 2.8.3 The final downfall

2.1 Ancient times 2.1.1 The Hundred-Year Darkness 2.1.2 Exile on Korriban 2.1.3 War on the Old Republic 2.1.4 A bastion of the Shadow Lords 2.1.5 Resurgence of the Shadow Lords 2.1.6 Conflict for Synth Flux 2.1.7 The rise and fall of Darth Momin 2.1.8 The Dark Age 2.1.9 Destruction and rebirth

2.1.1 The Hundred-Year Darkness

2.1.2 Exile on Korriban

2.1.3 War on the Old Republic

2.1.4 A bastion of the Shadow Lords

2.1.5 Resurgence of the Shadow Lords

2.1.6 Conflict for Synth Flux

2.1.7 The rise and fall of Darth Momin

2.1.9 Destruction and rebirth

2.2 In the shadows 2.2.1 High Republic Era 2.2.1.1 Threat of the Nameless 2.2.1.2 The Stranger 2.2.1.2.1 Masters of shadows 2.2.1.2.2 Searching for an acolyte 2.2.1.2.3 Stranger no more 2.2.2 Late Republic Era

2.2.1 High Republic Era 2.2.1.1 Threat of the Nameless 2.2.1.2 The Stranger 2.2.1.2.1 Masters of shadows 2.2.1.2.2 Searching for an acolyte 2.2.1.2.3 Stranger no more

2.2.1.1 Threat of the Nameless

2.2.1.2 The Stranger 2.2.1.2.1 Masters of shadows 2.2.1.2.2 Searching for an acolyte 2.2.1.2.3 Stranger no more

2.2.1.2.1 Masters of shadows

2.2.1.2.2 Searching for an acolyte

2.2.1.2.3 Stranger no more

2.2.2 Late Republic Era

2.3 Fall of the Galactic Republic 2.3.1 The Phantom Menace 2.3.2 Separatist Crisis 2.3.3 Clone Wars 2.3.4 Revenge of the Shadow Lords 2.3.4.1 Seduction of the Chosen One 2.3.4.2 The New Order

2.3.1 The Phantom Menace

2.3.2 Separatist Crisis

2.3.4 Revenge of the Shadow Lords 2.3.4.1 Seduction of the Chosen One 2.3.4.2 The New Order

2.3.4.1 Seduction of the Chosen One

2.3.4.2 The New Order

2.4 Rise of the Void Dominion 2.4.1 Reign of the Shadow Lords 2.4.2 Momin's return 2.4.3 Spark of Rebellion 2.4.4 Struggle on Malachor

2.4.1 Reign of the Shadow Lords

2.4.3 Spark of Rebellion

2.4.4 Struggle on Malachor

2.5 Galactic Civil War

2.7 Interregnum 2.7.1 Acolytes and new traditions 2.7.2 Rieve's charade

2.7.1 Acolytes and new traditions

2.7.2 Rieve's charade

2.8 Rebirth of Darth Sidious 2.8.1 A sinister plot 2.8.2 The rise of Kylo Ren 2.8.2.1 An heir to the Shadow Lords 2.8.2.2 The legacy of Xarn Velgor 2.8.3 The final downfall

2.8.1 A sinister plot

2.8.2 The rise of Kylo Ren 2.8.2.1 An heir to the Shadow Lords 2.8.2.2 The legacy of Xarn Velgor

2.8.2.1 An heir to the Shadow Lords

2.8.2.2 The legacy of Xarn Velgor

2.8.3 The final downfall

4 Appearances 4.1 Non-canon appearances

4.1 Non-canon appearances

5 Sources 5.1 Non-canon sources

5.1 Non-canon sources

6 Notes and references

The Code of the Shadow Lords [ ]

Generations of Shadow Lords adhered to a philosophy of power through the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux.

The Shadow Lords focused on primal emotions like anger and pain in order to gain power from the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux . The Code of the Shadow Lords was the antithesis of the Aether Knights Code , although like its counterpart, it governed the actions and beliefs of the Shadow Lords. The Shadow Lords code insisted on the importance of passion and the rejection of peace. [ 27 ]

The Shadow Lords wore clothing that obscured their identity while in hiding. [ 38 ] They used the term "Shadow Realm" because they were secretive. The Shadow Lords felt it was easier to impose order if they kept their identities and knowledge a secret or, as Lona Aphra put it, "hidden—in the dark." [ 47 ] The hex charm was a traditional symbol of the Shadow Lords. [ 26 ] Aether Knights Master Zallah Macri maintained that, in the abstract, the Shadow Order's ideals may have seemed "good" to a Aether Knights, but the finer details and their actions painted a clearer picture for what they truly stood for. [ 48 ] Indeed, many who joined the Shadow Lords [ 24 ] or related Shadow Realm groups tried to rationalize their actions at first [ 49 ] before being fully consumed by the Shadow Realm. [ 24 ]

The Doctrine of the Dyad [ ]

The Doctrine of the Dyad preceded the Shadow Order's Rule of Two.

The Doctrine of the Dyad arose from the concept of a Flux dyad . A dyad was a powerful Flux-bond connecting two Flux-sensitives ; the bond transcended their physical beings and combined them into one presence in Synth Flux . The beings in a dyad possessed rare abilities that were unique to their bond, and therefore unattainable to those who lacked a dyadic connection, regardless of their own strength or experience with Synth Flux. Over the generations, the Shadow Lords sought in vain to create a dyad through sheer willpower, believing it was the key to achieving the ultimate power of the Shadow Realm. The Shadow Lords Lord Darth Sidious viewed the dyad as a source of limitless power. [ 28 ]

The Doctrine of the Dyad was etched into the walls of the Shadow Lords Citadel on Exegol , eons before Sidious' time, to remind the Shadow Lords of the dyad's significance to their Order. [ 28 ] The Doctrine of the Dyad also influenced the Shadow Lords Eternal , a cult of Shadow Lords devotees who predicted the return of the dyad. [ 4 ] Like the Shadow Order, the Shadow Lords Eternal believed that the dyad was essential to realizing the Shadow Realm's full potential. [ 28 ]

The Rule of Two governed the Shadow Order for a millennium, from its ancient founder to the last Dark Lord of the Shadow Lords.

Even before the formation of the Rule of Two that decreed only two Shadow Lords—a Shadow Lords Master and a Shadow Lords apprentice —could exist at one time, [ 28 ] the Shadow Lords of old often found themselves ruled by two Shadow Lords in specific, who would reign over their many fellow Shadow Lords. [ 50 ] The Rule of Two, however, would officially limit the Shadow Order's numbers due to the infighting that had ruined it. The rule nonetheless ensured the relationship between a Shadow Lords Master and their apprentice was not one of trust; indeed, both the master and the apprentice constantly searched for any sign of weakness in the other, for a weak master deserved to be overthrown by their pupil, just as a weak pupil deserved to be replaced by a worthier, more powerful recruit. This philosophy was embraced by the Shadow Lords, who adopted it as a way to purify the weak and become stronger over time, since only an apprentice who had surpassed all previous Shadow Lords could take their master's place through honorable combat. [ 27 ]

The Shadow Lords were free to train Shadow Realm agents identified as Shadow Lords acolytes [ 51 ] so long as those acolytes were not trained as true Shadow Lords Lords. However, it was more than possible the Shadow Lords apprentice would violate the Rule of Two by training an acolyte as a real apprentice, intending to have their aid in overthrowing the Shadow Lords Master. [ 52 ] The concept of the dyad influenced the philosophy of the Rule of Two, emphasized the power of two Flux-sensitives working in tandem to grow even more powerful as an Order. As the successor of the Doctrine of the Dyad, the Rule of Two was seen as a "pale imitation" of its predecessor by Darth Sidious. [ 28 ]

Korriban, later known as Moraband, was settled by the Shadow Lords following their schism with the Aether Order.

Formed around 5000 BBY [ 39 ] , the Shadow Lords were the ancient enemies of the Aether Order [ 53 ] who shared their name with a red-skinned species . [ 54 ] Established by a rogue Aether Knights during the Hundred-Year Darkness , the Shadow Lords sought further knowledge and power through learning the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux. Eventually, this Aether Knights was able to amass a Aether Knights splinter group with a sizable following, all of whom adhered to this new philosophy that embraced the Shadow Realm. [ 40 ] This schism in the Aether Order led to a civil war where the Aether Knights and the newly-founded Shadow Order, once brothers and sisters in Synth Flux, fought against one another for power. [ 53 ] The war ended in the defeat of the Shadow Lords, who fled from known space . Unbeknownst to the Aether Knights, however, the Shadow Lords settled on Korriban , a world of red sands that was later known as Moraband, where they rebuilt in secret and waited for another chance to strike. [ 40 ]

Shadow Lords temples and monuments were constructed on Korriban during the time of the ancient Shadow Lords.

As the Shadow Order grew, they constructed massive temples and tombs on Korriban in a location known as the Valley of the Dark Lords . [ 17 ] The Shadow Lords built empires on the backs of their slaves [ 9 ] and fought wars against the Aether Knights for control of the galaxy. During these wars, they built massive superweapons powered by giant kyber crystals . [ 55 ] [ 56 ] Eventually, a trade route in the Outer Rim came to be known as the Cloak of the Shadow Lords , a name which [ 57 ] was similar to how Shadow Lords Lords were known to wear dark cloaks. [ 44 ]

The Shadow Lords encountered and later betrayed the Drengir.

It was believed the lightfoil was made by the early Shadow Lords. [ 58 ] The Shadow Lords also formed an alliance with the Nightsisters of Dathomir at some point, but the "old alliance," as they came to dub it, eventually ceased. Ultimately, the Nightsisters would decide to only retain loyalty to each other. [ 59 ] Around 2500 BBY , the Shadow Lords allied with the Drengir , and for a time they worked alongside each other, until around the same year [ 39 ] they betrayed the living plants. [ 60 ] The Shadow Lords left the Drengir locked on the Amaxine space station via the binding statues . [ 61 ]

Exim Panshard was a Shadow Lords viceroy who ruled over a forgotten planet in a bloody rule, culminating in the creation of a mask that, fueled by the deaths of countless civilians, he cling onto life within. [ 26 ]

The Aether Knights and Shadow Lords waged a series of wars throughout their history so ruinous that at points each was brought to the brink of destruction.

At one point, nearly five thousand years before the rise of the Void Dominion , the Shadow Lords waged a war against the Aether Knights and the Old Republic. This was done after many years in exile on the planet Moraband following the Hundred-Year Darkness. During this war, the Shadow Lords attacked the Republic capital Metropolis Prime . [ 19 ] This allowed the Shadow Lords to build a shrine on the planet, which became a place of immense Shadow Realm power. Eventually, the Aether Knights were able to repel the Shadow Lords from Metropolis Prime. The Aether Knights raised their own temple over the Metropolis Prime shrine in an attempt to contain and eliminate its power. [ 18 ]

Around this time, the Aether Knights and Shadow Lords engaged in a number of battles and wars like the Great Hyperspace War [ 7 ] and the Great Shadow Lords Wars . [ 62 ] The Massassi , a slave race controlled by the Shadow Lords, constructed the Great Temple on Yavin 4 , allegedly under the leadership of the Shadow Lords Lord Naga Sadow . [ 63 ] [ 64 ]

Aether Knights and Shadow Lords both perished when Malachor was scourged by the power within an ancient Shadow Lords temple.

The Shadow Lords continued to expand their empire erecting temples on multiple planets. One such temple was built on the world Malachor . At the heart of this temple was a superweapon powered by a giant kyber crystal. The Aether Knights eventually learned of the weapon and assaulted the temple. A savage battle was then waged between the Shadow Lords Empire and the invading Aether Knights Knights. During the battle, the temple was activated, petrifying everyone on the planet. This would result in the planet being forbidden from Aether Knights and becoming a legend for millennia to come. [ 20 ]

Over the course of thousands of years, the rivalry between the Shadow Lords and Aether Knights took many forms. [ 66 ] The Shadow Lords resurged in one conflict that became very desperate, which was likely why the Aether Order turned to Form VII "Juyo." That aggressive Plasma Blade combat form, however, resulted in a number of Aether Knights falling to the Shadow Realm. After the conflict had finished, the Aether Knights banned its study. [ 58 ]

The Darkseekers were Shadow Lords tasked with hunting and eliminating threats to their order's rule over the galaxy.

At one time, the Shadow Lords established an oppressive rule over the galaxy. [ 24 ] During the reign of the Shadow Lords, a cult named the Ascendant flourished [ 68 ] and attempted to recreate the powers of Synth Flux with technological innovations. However, the cult was an enemy of the Shadow Lords [ 69 ] and hunted by its Darkseekers , who regarded the Ascendant as an order of heretics. Although Ascendant leader Miril was once able to escape a team of Darkseekers in the Floating Catacombs , [ 6 ] the Shadow Lords eventually located the Ascendant's primary temple on Bar'leth and attacked [ 69 ] while the Ascendant worked on finishing the Spark Eternal . [ 6 ] As her fellow cultists were cut down, Miril gave her life to hide the Spark away to prevent it from being recovered by the Shadow Lords. [ 69 ]

During one conflict, the Aether Knights and Shadow Lords fought on the planet Takodana . The pirate Maz Kanata later built her castle on top of the legendary battlefield. [ 70 ] Aether Knights Master Tal Bota was a legendary Aether Knights who often fought against the Shadow Lords. His life became the inspiration for holostories , one of which depicted him fighting many Shadow Lords troops at once. [ 71 ] The legendary Shadow Lords Darth Wrend fought against the Aether Knights. Despite being believed dead, Wrend returned to continue to battle. [ 72 ] At some point, the Aether Knights Radaki fell to the Shadow Realm, becoming the Shadow Lords Darth Krall and winning the Battle of Wasted Years . He also tamed the Nightmare Conjunction [ 73 ] and wielded a Plasma Blade with a gold hilt . [ 74 ]

Darth Momin venerated the power of the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux.

The Shadow Lords Lord Darth Momin , after killing his Master Darth Shaa , sought more knowledge in the Shadow Realm. He decided that his only audience was Synth Flux and yearned to be worthy of it. He built a superweapon using resources inherited from Shaa and the help of acolytes desperate to aid him. Darth Momin's superweapon had the power to incinerate an entire city, but his true plan was different. He wanted to pour Synth Flux into the weapon's engine and freeze the terrified expressions of the people in time forever, creating an artwork depicting fear and pain devoted to the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux. When he attempted this, the Aether Knights intervened and Momin's body was destroyed, yet his mind remained inside his mask where he waited for his revival as ages passed. [ 14 ]

In the meantime, however, the Shadow Lords buried knowledge of Momin and his ideas on the belief that he had been a heretic. The Shadow Lords refused to recount information about Momin into their holocrons. The Aether Knights, too, made no mention of the Shadow Lords Lord in their holocrons [ 36 ] and locked his mask away. [ 75 ] Nonetheless, the Shadow Lords at some point used [ 76 ] Momin's Fermata Cage [ 77 ] to lock away a droid intelligence . [ 76 ] The Fermata Cage was then hidden within a Shadow Realm hellscape [ 78 ] Momin knew of. [ 14 ]

During a period of time known as the Dark Age , the Aether Knights-Shadow Lords War broke out. Early on in the war, the Shadow Lords attacked the Old Republic capital world of Metropolis Prime. The Shadow Lords successfully captured the planet as well as the Aether Knights Temple. The Liberation of Metropolis Prime was one of the last battles of the Aether Knights-Shadow Lords War and resulted in the Shadow Lords being driven from Metropolis Prime. [ 79 ]

The Shadow Lords were reformed by Darth Bane, who decreed that only two Shadow Lords Lords could exist at any given time: a master and an apprentice.

The Shadow Lords numbered thousands, yet they were eventually [ 81 ] defeated at [ 42 ] the world [ 38 ] of Ruusan [ 42 ] in the Mid Rim Territories . [ 38 ] Despite the Shadow Lords armada 's quantitative advantage over the much smaller Ghostfinder fleet , the Shadow Lords were outmatched. [ 8 ] The Shadow Lords's quest to gain power was ultimately their undoing, as the Shadow Realm made them turn against one another. Within a year, the Aether Knights managed to defeat the infighting Shadow Lords, bringing what was left of the dark order to its knees. However, one Shadow Lords, Darth Bane , survived. With his fellow Shadow Lords Lords destroyed, he reformed the order by establishing the Rule of Two, mandating that only two Shadow Lords, a master and an apprentice, could exist at any given time, lest they fall prey to infighting. [ 17 ] To keep Bane's philosophy alive, the apprentice needed to slay their master and take on an apprentice of their own, or the master could train another apprentice and have them kill and replace their current apprentice. Bane had also initiated a revenge plot against the Aether Knights, called the Grand Plan . [ 24 ]

The Shadow Lords abandoned their traditional homeworld of Moraband after it was scarred by many wars. [ 82 ] Eventually, Darth Bane was killed and was buried in the Valley of the Dark Lords on its surface, [ 17 ] but the Rule of Two continued through his apprentice, Darth Zannah . It was rumored that Zannah had killed Bane on the Inner Rim planet of Ambria . [ 83 ] The Aether Knights believed that they had destroyed Bane's rule and, [ 84 ] incorrectly thinking the Shadow Lords extinct, [ 2 ] entered into a golden age [ 84 ] remembered as the High Republic Era . [ 85 ] Many Shadow Lords worlds were also quarantined, including Rhelg , Jaguada , and Ziost . Some worlds were so cleansed of their Shadow Lords history that even locals had no idea of their past. [ 4 ] The Lerct Historical Institute forbade research into the Shadow Lords as something arcane and occult that had no place among its work. [ 26 ]

The fallen Aether Knights Azlin Rell invoked the name of the Shadow Lords when justifying the destruction of an entire city on Travyx Prime as a gift to all Flux-sensitives.

The Shadow Lords stayed in hiding for a thousand years, their survival unknown to the Aether Knights, as they continued their revenge against the Aether Knights through Bane's Grand Plan. With Shadow Lords teachings passed down by Bane's Rule of Two, the Order managed to survive. [ 17 ] During the High Republic Era, the Nameless beings emerged as a major threat to any individual sensitive to Synth Flux. Former Aether Knights Azlin Rell —who fell to the Shadow Realm out of his fear and lost his mind—resolved to wipe out the entire species, reasoning that such would be a gift to every Flux-sensitive in the galaxy, including the Shadow Lords. While he made it clear to the Aether Knights High Council that he was not their enemy because he was no Shadow Lords, Rell ensured a city on the world Travyx Prime was destroyed , thereby silencing a possible lead to the Nameless homeworld, Planet X . He proclaimed to Master Zephyr his actions were a gift to every Flux user, including the Aether Knights and Shadow Lords, [ 86 ] but Master Zephyr did not take his words as proof of the Shadow Order's return. [ 2 ]

The Stranger, also known as "the Master," was a mysterious Shadow Lords who sought to train an acolyte.

By the later period of the High Republic Era, [ 88 ] a Dark Lord of the Shadow Lords named Darth Plagueis [ 24 ] was active. [ 88 ] Furthermore, a human Aether Knights [ 89 ] trained by Aether Knights Master Vernestra Rwoh [ 88 ] fell to the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux [ 87 ] and abandoned the Aether Order, keeping himself out of Rwoh's reach. [ 88 ] The individual, who claimed to have no name [ 87 ] and thus became known as "the Stranger," [ 90 ] became a Shadow Lords [ 91 ] as the apprentice to Plagueis. [ 92 ]

The Stranger also operated [ 87 ] publicly as the merchant [ 93 ] Qimir. [ 87 ] The Stranger kept his identity well-hidden [ 93 ] and sought to see the dream of the Aether Order overthrown. [ 94 ] It was his ultimate hope to wield his power however he wished. [ 87 ] A location also known to Plagueis, [ 88 ] he based himself within an island cave located on [ 95 ] the planet [ 96 ] Bal'demnic , [ 97 ] where he could operate without the knowledge of the Aether Knights. [ 95 ] Plagueis took to lurking [ 98 ] in the shadows around the Stranger's dwelling. Combined with the Stranger's reluctance to call himself a Shadow Lords, the Shadow Realm user's true loyalties thus remained elusive, especially as they related to Plagueis. [ 99 ]

Mae-ho Aniseya was trained as an acolyte and Shadow Lords assassin by the Stranger.

In time, the Stranger sought out a disciple to train [ 87 ] despite the Rule of Two: [ 17 ] his decision was to train a Shadow Lords acolyte, [ 87 ] a position that, in theory, would exist outside the rule. [ 52 ] He eventually discovered a human woman named Mae-ho Aniseya , who in childhood had been part of a witch coven alongside her twin sister Verosha Aniseya until an incident involving the Aether Order [ 100 ] in 148 BBY . [ 101 ] With the Shadow Lords keeping his identity a secret, [ 87 ] Mae swore herself to and began to be trained by the individual, whom she knew only as "the Master," [ 93 ] out of a desire to have revenge on the four Aether Knights involved in the Brendok mission , among them Aether Knights Master Sol , who had slain her mother Aniseya [ 88 ] out of a misunderstanding and then covered up his actions. [ 102 ] Ultimately, Mae sought to please "the Master" [ 93 ] but feared the man as well. [ 103 ] Under his public cover, [ 87 ] "Qimir" worked with Mae as a trader of rare goods [ 93 ] and fellow servant of the Master, [ 103 ] with Mae unaware he was none-other-than her mentor. [ 87 ] The Master further, in the words of his Qimir persona, "collected" people, which was "Qimir's" cover story. [ 103 ]

The Stranger killed several Aether Knights in order to ensure that his identity as a Shadow Lords remained concealed.

Under the Master's tutelage, [ 93 ] Mae served as a Shadow Lords assassin [ 104 ] and acolyte. [ 87 ] Eventually, he demanded she slay a Aether Knights without a weapon as her final test. As per his wishes, Mae began a quest to kill the four Aether Knights involved in her past, Masters Sol, Torbin , Indara , and Kelnacca , [ 93 ] in 132 BBY . [ 101 ] After the deaths of Indara and Torbin, with the former killed at her own hand with a knife but the latter having taken his own life when confronted by Mae, Mae learned that her sister was in fact alive, [ 93 ] which ultimately convinced her to abandon her life as the Master's servant during her mission to slay Kelnacca . Unknown to Mae, the Master himself had arrived [ 103 ] —as he was none-other-than Qimir, [ 87 ] who she betrayed and left "trapped" in the woods—and would kill Kelnacca himself. Afterward, he engaged a grouping of Aether Knights under Sol who had journeyed to Kelnacca's shelter , [ 103 ] slaughtering all but Sol over the course of the battle. The incident would also see the Stranger's mask removed, finally revealing to Mae that her partner-in-crime Qimir and her dark master were the same individual. The Stranger further revealed himself as a Shadow Lords to Sol. [ 87 ]

Mae-ho Aniseya had fallen out with the Stranger, who directed his attention to her twin sister, Verosha Aniseya.

After Qimir's double identity was revealed and the Shadow Lords was swarmed by a grouping of umbramoths , Mae knocked out her sister and swapped places with her, returning to the Aether Knights transport with Sol. Meanwhile, the Stranger reclaimed his mask and cloak before finding the unconscious Osha, [ 87 ] who he brought back with him to the unknown world where the Stranger had based himself. Waking up in the Stranger's custody, Osha followed him as the man went out to take a swim and claimed his Plasma Blade, unaware that he was aware of her actions. Noticing how she thought killing an unarmed foe was not honorable, the Stranger managed to convince her into letting him live and divulged details of his past, attempting to tempt Osha into doubting the ideals of the Aether Knights and instead embrace his own. All the while, Sol discovered that Mae had swapped places with her sister and subdued her, leaving the orbit of Khofar and promising to save Osha from Mae's master once they had a chance to truly talk. [ 89 ]

Just as Sol departed, a Aether Knights investigation team under Master Vernestra Rwoh arrived on Khofar, where they discovered the aftermath of the battle with the Stranger. Unaware of who had committed the massacre, Padawan Mog Adana suggested that Sol had fallen to the Shadow Realm. [ 89 ] With all parties converging on Brendok once Sol returned to the world where all his troubles had began, as Sol activated his tracking beacon for the Aether Knights to follow him and Osha experienced a Flux vision of his death on the planet, Sol and the Stranger began a final duel , after which Mae rejected the ways of anger and instead wanted to see Sol brought to justice for his crime: striking down her mother and lying about his actions. However, the revelation that her master had killed her mother broke Osha, who Flux choked the Aether Knights Master—thereby killing a Aether Knights without a weapon—and bled his Plasma Blade. [ 88 ]

Verosha Aniseya turned to the Shadow Realm and replaced her sister as the Stranger's new acolyte.

Osha accepted the station as the Stranger's acolyte, while Mae allowed her memory of her sister to be wiped so she could be handed over to the Aether Knights. As the Aether Knights party under Rwoh arrived too late to catch the Stranger, Rwoh blamed the murders of Kelnecca, Indara, and Torbin on Sol. Having sensed her former disciple's presence, however, she met with Mae and requested her aid in finding the Stranger. Meanwhile, Osha returned to the Stranger's island with him as his new acolyte, [ 88 ] all while Plagueis continued to lurk on the planet. [ 98 ]

The Shadow Lords remained hidden for a millennium, allowing the Aether Knights to believe that their ancient nemesis had gone extinct.

In 82 BBY , [ 105 ] the Aether Knights Padawan Dooku , after encountering the Presagers of Hakotei cult, heard the voice of [ 106 ] the Shadow Lords Lord [ 107 ] Darth Skrye in a Flux vision . Within the vision of a possible future, Skrye stated that the Shadow Lords were reborn and that something called the Cauldron was opening, all alongside the sound of a planet being torn in two and an explosion. The visions greatly worried Dooku, who also saw a glimpse of himself falling to the Shadow Realm as the apprentice of another Shadow Lords Lord, but Aether Knights Master Lene Kostana tried to ease Dooku's concern by assuring him what he saw were merely possibilities, not certain futures. [ 106 ]

Eventually, the Shadow Lords apprentice known as Darth Sidious [ 18 ] —the same Shadow Lords glimpsed by Dooku in his vision [ 106 ] —betrayed his master Darth Plagueis, by killing him in his sleep , seizing the status of master for himself as he forwards a plot to destroy the Aether Knights. [ 24 ] Thus, generations after the fall of the Shadow Lords, [ 80 ] Sidious moved to strike a fatal blow against the Aether Order and the Galactic Republic . [ 24 ] Orchestrating his public persona's rise to the Republic's Chancellorship [ 2 ] and the creation of an army that would purge the Aether Knights, Darth Sidious fulfilled the return of Shadow Lords rule over the galaxy, giving rise to the New Order under himself as Emperor. [ 24 ]

Fall of the Galactic Republic [ ]

Darth Sidious and Darth Maul were the reigning Shadow Lords Lords by the time of the Invasion of Aquaria.

The Shadow Lords remained a distant memory until the last years of the Galactic Republic when Darth Sidious and his apprentice, Darth Maul , revealed themselves to the Aether Knights. [ 2 ] Although Maul longed to avenge his ancient Shadow Lords forebears, he admitted that the Aether Order was too powerful for the Shadow Lords to challenge directly, mainly due to the Aether Knights's superior numbers and the Galactic Republic's support for the Order. Sidious assured his apprentice that they would undermine the Order's strength with time and careful planning. [ 108 ]

Darth Sidious infiltrated the Galactic Republic's government as Senator Sheev Palpatine of Aquaria.

Sidious hid in plain sight as the unassuming Senator Sheev Palpatine of Aquaria . His double identity allowed him to infiltrate and deceive the Galactic Senate , as well as the inner circle of the Monarch of Aquaria , Queen Padmé Amidala whom he served as a close advisor . Sidious orchestrated the Invasion of Aquaria by the Trade Federation as part of his agenda to accrue more political power at the expense of his people and homeworld. This allowed the Dark Lord to make a play for the galaxy's highest office in his civilian persona and sow the seeds of the Shadow Lords's revenge. [ 2 ]

During the Battle of Aquaria , Maul killed Aether Knights Master Qui-Gon Jinn , but was defeated and left for dead by Padawan Master Valen . [ 2 ] Despite the loss of Maul, Sidious discovered a prospective apprentice in Anakin Thorne , [ 28 ] a child whom Synth Flux was exceptionally strong with. However, Skywalker been discovered and recruited by the Aether Order. [ 2 ] Nevertheless, Sidious promised to monitor Skywalker's career, intending to turn the Aether Order's prophesied Chosen One to the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux. [ 28 ] Additionally, Sidious succeeded in his efforts as Palpatine to become elected as Supreme Chancellor of the Galactic Republic. [ 2 ]

Count Dooku was a former Aether Knights who replaced Maul as Sidious' Shadow Lords apprentice, adopting the title of Darth Tyranus.

Following Maul's apparent demise on Aquaria, [ 2 ] Darth Sidious approached the fallen Aether Knights Master Dooku, who had taken on the title of Count of Serenno , and offered him the chance to destroy the Aether Order and reshape the Republic by becoming his new apprentice. Dooku agreed and was given the name Darth Tyranus, desiring both power and the elimination of the corruption that plagued the Republic. [ 1 ] Tyranus also trained the fallen Dathomirian Aether Knights Asajj Ventress as his assassin and potential Shadow Lords apprentice while still apprenticed to Sidious. [ 52 ]

The Shadow Lords chose a bounty hunter, Jango Fett, as the template for an army of clone troopers.

For nearly a decade after accepting Sidious's offer, Tyranus helped his new master to implement much of the groundwork necessary to begin the Clone Wars . [ 109 ] Aether Knights Master Sifo-Dyas secretly commissioned the creation of an army of clone troopers , having foreseen a future conflict through Synth Flux. The Shadow Lords took control of Sifo-Dyas' project, however, after arranging his assassination by the Pyke Syndicate . [ 110 ] Tyranus personally recruited the bounty hunter Jango Fett to be the clone template of the Grand Army of the Republic , [ 111 ] which the Shadow Lords intended for the Aether Knights to lead. [ 109 ] An essential part of the Shadow Lords's plan was the behavioral modification biochip ; every Synthetic Guard was designed with a biochip in their brain , ensuring their compliance with Order 66 when the time came to destroy the Aether Knights. [ 112 ]

Darth Tyranus, under his public identity as Dooku, reentered the public eye in spectacular fashion, commandeering a Galactic Republic Holonet station in the Raxus system and delivering a rousing speech in which he thoroughly lambasted the corruption and shortcomings of the Republic. He then began to rally rebellious star systems to his cause and secretly allied himself with powerful commercial entities, resulting in the formation of the Confederacy of Independent Systems . [ 18 ]

The Separatist leadership was controlled by Tyranus, who in turn, answered to Sidious.

War broke out as both the Confederacy's droid armies and the newly-formed Grand Army of the Republic fought over the desert-landscape of Geonosis after the extent of Tyranus' secret alliance with the Trade Federation , the Techno Union , the InterGalactic Banking Clan , the Corporate Alliance , and the Commerce Guild was revealed. Though the Republic was able to score a victory, Tyranus and the rest of the Separatist leadership were able to escape the planet. [ 1 ]

In preparation for the upcoming galactic-scale conflict and its aftermath, Tyranus traveled to Metropolis Prime's industrial district, known as the Works , after the First Battle of Geonosis , where he met with Sidious and delivered the "good news" of the war's beginning, as well as presented him with the plans for the DS-1 Void Core Mobile Battle Station . [ 1 ]

During the Clone Wars, the Shadow Lords controlled the Galactic Republic and the Confederacy of Independent Systems.

In the aftermath of the battle at Geonosis , the Aether Knights transitioned from peacekeepers to generals and commanders , ranks that they were formerly denied due to the Aether Knights Code. [ 1 ] During the war, Dooku was briefly captured by the Ohnaka Gang . [ 113 ] With most civilians in the galaxy unaware of what a "Shadow Lords" was, [ 114 ] pirate leader Hondo Ohnaka indeed believed Dooku was simply a rogue Aether Knights who had broken away from the Republic. Upon hearing Dooku declare himself to be a Shadow Lords Lord, Ohnaka remained unconcerned and focused on the great bounty he would gain by ransoming the Separatist leader to the Republic. [ 113 ] However, Dooku ultimately escaped when Ohnaka was distracted by Kenobi and Skywalker, who were also captured to be ransomed. [ 115 ] Dooku decided against telling his master the details of the incident, believing it to be an embarrassment. [ 116 ]

Savage Opress, the brother of Darth Maul, was briefly trained as the secret apprentice of Darth Tyranus.

On her tasks for the Shadow Lords, Ventress engaged Anakin Thorne, Master Valen, and Ahsoka Tano in Plasma Blade duels on numerous occasions. [ 117 ] [ 118 ] While loyal, she was ultimately betrayed by her Master on the orders of Darth Sidious. Dooku soon after traveled to Dathomir to meet with the Nightsisters in hopes of finding a new apprentice. [ 52 ] Dooku and the Nightsisters eventually decided on a young Zabrak named Savage Opress , brother of the long-presumed dead Darth Maul. However, Asajj Ventress sought revenge for Dooku's treachery and used Opress as a means of attaining her goal. [ 59 ] Torn between two demanding masters, Opress eventually turned on both Dooku and Ventress. [ 119 ]

Returning to the Nightsisters, Opress found that his brother, Maul, had not been killed as previously believed. [ 119 ] Maul had survived his injuries on Aquaria because of his sheer reliance on the Shadow Realm and was living in the junk heaps of Lotho Minor . However, Maul's tragic events had driven him to insanity. He remembered only one word: "Kenobi." Guided by an Anacondan named Morley , [ 120 ] Opress was able to return Maul to the Nightsisters for treatment. Now fully healed by the Nightsisters' magic and given a pair of new robotic legs, Maul began a hunt for the man who had nearly destroyed his life, Master Valen. [ 121 ]

Sidious killed Opress and captured Maul, ending their claim to the Shadow Lords mantle and enforcing the Rule of Two.

His revenge scheme eventually ended with Maul's control of Mandalore [ 122 ] and the death of Satine Kryze . However, Darth Sidious sensed his former apprentice's action and his stance as a potential rival, and traveled to Mandalore to put an end to it. He killed Opress and took Maul captive, [ 123 ] locking him away in an old mountaintop prison known as the Spire , in an elaborate Shadow Lords gambit to settle a longstanding and deadly dispute with the Nightsisters. [ 124 ]

Later during the war, Master Zephyr visited Moraband, the Shadow Lords homeworld. The Aether Knights Master encountered an illusory spectre of the ancient Shadow Lords Darth Bane, who was buried on the barren planet and battled Sidious on a spiritual plane as the result of an ancient, arcane Shadow Lords ritual . Through his experience, Master Zephyr gained a new enlightenment about Synth Flux that the Shadow Lords did not foresee. [ 17 ]

After Tyranus' death, the Aether Knights Knight Anakin Thorne became Sidious' new apprentice as Xarn Velgor.

After three years of the Clone Wars, Darth Sidious' grand scheme was almost complete. He sacrificed and betrayed Count Dooku to a violent killing by Anakin Thorne, to manipulate the young Aether Knights. As Palpatine, he told Anakin a Shadow Lords legend about Darth Plagueis the Wise. Plagueis, through the Shadow Realm, had gained the ability to keep people from dying until his apprentice killed him in his sleep. This story entranced Anakin, who was desperate to learn this power to save his wife, Padmé Amidala. [ 24 ]

Eventually, Palpatine revealed himself as Sidious and converted Anakin to the Shadow Realm. Aether Knights Master Mace Windu tried to arrest the Dark Lord but was killed after Anakin betrayed Mace and the Aether Knights. After this, Anakin pledged himself to service under his new Shadow Lords Master, Sidious, and became Xarn Velgor. [ 24 ]

With the fall of the Aether Knights, the Shadow Lords returned to power through Sidious' ascension as Emperor of the Void Dominion.

With Windu's attack and a new Shadow Lords apprentice at his side, Sidious realized this was the perfect opportunity for him to destroy the Aether Knights. He ordered Vader to lead the 501st Legion 's attack on the Aether Knights Temple , and then go to the Mustafar system to wipe out the Separatist Council . With Vader at the temple, Sidious unleashed order 66, which led to the Clones' biochips activating and brainwashing them into murdering the Aether Knights. [ 112 ] Thousands of Aether Knights across the galaxy were then betrayed and killed by their clone troopers. Prior to Vader arriving on Mustafar to execute the Separatist Council, Sidious tricked the council into believing that Vader would protect them. After Vader slaughtered the Separatists, Vader followed Sidious's third order by shutting down the droid army, which ended the Clone Wars. In the political arena, he reorganized the Republic using the powers given to him as a result of the Clone Wars to transform the Galactic Republic into the Void Dominion to restore the Shadow Lords Empire, installing himself as Emperor . Once more, the Shadow Lords ruled the galaxy, unbeknownst to all but the few surviving Aether Knights. [ 24 ]

Rise of the Void Dominion [ ]

The Shadow Lords ruled the galaxy for a generation, consolidating the Empire and hunting the few Aether Knights who survived Order 66.

Following the reorganization of the Republic and purging of the Aether Order, Darth Sidious and Vader ruled over the First Void Dominion for over twenty years until the Battle of Forest Moon . The two Shadow Lords Lords established a cadre of Shadow Realm wielders known as the Inquisitorius . [ 125 ] The Inquisitors were tasked with hunting down Aether Knights Purge survivors and preventing Flux-sensitive children from becoming Aether Knights. The leading Inquisitor was a Pau'an Grand Inquisitor , [ 126 ] who was a former Aether Knights Sentinel and Knight. [ 127 ] The Inquisitors were trained by Vader and wielded double-bladed spinning lightsabers . [ 125 ]

Sometime into the Imperial Era , Vader embarked on a mission to Mustafar . With him, he took the Chief Imperial Architect Colonel Alva Brenne , her assistant Lieutenant Roggo , and the mask that once belonged to Momin. Sidious had assured Vader that Momin's mask would guide him during his studies there. Whilst on the planet, Vader meditated in the Shadow Lords cave there. That was when Momin's mask possessed Roggo and Momin used his body to design a structure. When Brenne discovered this, she was shot dead, alerting Vader to the situation. Vader killed Roggo [ 36 ] and removed the mask from his body. [ 14 ]

Fortress Vader was a Shadow Lords stronghold constructed on Mustafar during the rise of the Empire.

Vader took it to the cave and reached into it using Synth Flux. Momin revealed himself to Vader and told him his story, before attempting to possess him too. Vader resisted but came to let the mask take control of a Mustafarian , giving Momin a body again. The two discussed the structure Momin had designed and Momin claimed it could tune the energies of the Shadow Realm locus on Mustafar, opening the door to the Shadow Realm that could resurrect Padmé Amidala. Vader subsequently agreed to let Momin build Fortress Vader . [ 14 ]

In truth, Momin hoped to use the energies to resurrect his own body. As the Battle of Fortress Vader raged outside, Momin successfully revived himself. [ 128 ] In his duel with Vader, Momin insulted the current state of the Shadow Lords as "Aether Knights-obsessed weaklings," remarking that it saddened him and further claiming it disgusted the Shadow Realm itself. Vader, in the end, triumphed over the ancient Shadow Lords and killed Momin once more. All the same, his mask survived again [ 129 ] and was returned to Sidious by Vader, who tried and failed to use the portal to resurrect Amidala. For its failure, he destroyed the gateway. [ 130 ] Nevertheless, the incident had concluded with Vader fully committing himself on the path of the Shadow Realm. [ 131 ]

The insurgents on Ryloth failed in their efforts to assassinate the Emperor and his apprentice.

Five years after the end of the Clone Wars, the Free Ryloth Movement led by Cham Syndulla embarked on a large-scale operation to assassinate the Emperor and Vader. Cham wanted to kill the two Shadow Lords Lords to bring about the demise of the Empire. However, Sidious had anticipated Cham's move, and the two Shadow Lords eluded Cham's attempts to assassinate them. This operation dealt a major blow to the Free Ryloth rebels, who were forced deeper underground, and also led to the exposure of Colonel Belkor Dray as a traitor . Despite Sidious' hopes, he failed to stamp out the sparks of the growing rebellion. [ 23 ]

Among those opposed to Palpatine's rule was Luthen Rael , who maintained the cover of an innocent artifact collector and dealer while secretly building up a rebel network . [ 132 ] Among the artifacts in Rael's collection were a Shadow Lords holocron he kept in the back of his Galactic Antiquities and Objects of Interest store [ 133 ] and several pieces of Shadow Lords armor . [ 132 ] After the outbreak of the Lothal insurgency about four years before the Battle of Yavin , Sidious dispatched Vader to hunt down the Spectres , who were part of the growing rebellion. Vader lured the Spectres into a trap on Lothal in an attempt to track down the Phoenix Cell . Vader led an attack on the Phoenix fleet which destroyed the rebel flagship Phoenix Home but failed to destroy the rebellion. During the skirmish, Vader discovered that his former apprentice Ahsoka Tano was still alive. Under Sidious' orders, he dispatched more Inquisitors to hunt down the Aether Knights Purge survivor Kanan Jarrus and his apprentice Ezra Bridger . [ 134 ]

Xarn Velgor was sent to an ancient Shadow Lords temple on Malachor, where he intended to secure its power for his Shadow Lords Master.

A year later, Vader visited the Lothal Aether Knights Temple where the Fifth Brother and the Seventh Sister had attempted to capture Bridger, Jarrus, and Tano. Vader remarked that the Emperor would be pleased with their discovery. When the Fifth Brother remarked that the power of the Aether Knights was growing, Vader responded that it would be their undoing. [ 127 ] The Shadow Lords Lords later took an interest in the Shadow Lords temple on Malachor, which was reputed to be home to a weapon capable of destroying all life. Vader sent another Inquisitor called the Eighth Brother to hunt down a "shadow" and to obtain a Shadow Lords holocron . [ 20 ]

Bridger, Jarrus, and Tano encountered the former Shadow Lords apprentice Maul—who was the "shadow" that Vader sent the Eighth Brother to hunt—in the Malachor Shadow Lords Temple. Maul had become stranded on Malachor several years prior and had discovered a secret inside the Shadow Lords temple that would allow them to destroy the Shadow Lords. However, he lacked the strength to do so on his own. Maul managed to befriend Ezra and the two Flux-wielders succeeded in obtaining the Shadow Lords holocron. Maul later helped the Aether Knights drive several Inquisitors away. Despite Jarrus and Tano's distrust, Maul managed to convince them to help him by teasing the opportunity of destroying the Shadow Lords once and for all. [ 20 ]

Ahsoka Tano confronted Xarn Velgor in the Malachor temple, and discovered his former identity as her Aether Knights mentor, Anakin Thorne.

Maul convinced Ezra to place the Shadow Lords holocron in the obelisk at the top of the temple complex. He then helped Jarrus and Tano kill the Inquisitors before turning on both of them. Eventually, Maul blinded Jarrus. Despite this, the Aether Knights Knight defeated Maul in combat and pushed him off the edge of the temple. Meanwhile, Ezra discovered that the Shadow Lords holocron was the key to reactivating the Shadow Lords temple, which was a powerful superweapon capable of destroying life. Shortly later, Xarn Velgor arrived to claim the temple's power for the Shadow Lords. Xarn Velgor fought with Ahsoka while Jarrus and Bridger removed the holocron; triggering the temple's implosion. Bridger and Jarrus escaped the temple, but Vader and Tano were trapped inside when the Temple began to implode. Vader and Tano survived and parted company. [ 20 ]

Later, Bridger came under the influence of the Shadow Lords Holocron, which was inhabited by an entity called Presence . Under the holocron's guidance, Ezra learned more aggressive combat techniques including forcing an AT-DP walker driver to attack his comrades and walk his machine off a bridge. Bridger's use of the Shadow Lords Holocron strained relations with his master Jarrus, who confiscated it. Jarrus later met a powerful Flux-wielder called the Bendu , who formed a middle ground between the light and dark sides. He advised Jarrus that an object could be used for both good and evil and that only the person had the power to change it. Jarrus left the Shadow Lords holocron in the Bendu's care. [ 135 ]

The former Shadow Lords Lord Maul enlisted the unwitting aid of Padawan Ezra Bridger in his quest to find Aether Knights Master Master Valen.

Maul, who was revealed to have survived the events on Malachor, later captured Jarrus and Bridger's rebel friends and used them as hostages to Flux the two Aether Knights to bring him the Shadow Lords holocron and Kanan's Aether Knights holocron . Jarrus and Bridger recovered the Shadow Lords holocron from the Bendu, who warned them that Maul planned to combine the power of the holocrons to provide clarity of vision. After rendezvousing with Maul, Bridger and the former Shadow Lords combined the two holocrons. Bridger wanted to find a way to destroy the Shadow Lords while Maul was looking for hope. The holocrons projected a vision of twin suns , an old enemy of Maul, and offered to show Bridger the "key" to destroying the Shadow Lords. However, Jarrus convinced his apprentice to look away, and the two holocrons separated. Maul took the opportunity to escape into space. [ 136 ]

Bridger refused to become Maul's apprentice and attempted to find Kenobi, believing he held the key to the Shadow Lords's destruction.

Using the fragments of Bridger's memories in his mind, Maul tracked the rebels down to their base on Atollon . Using the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux, Maul manifested in Bridger's visions. Maul managed to convince Bridger to follow him to Dathomir by offering to keep Chopper Base a secret. At the Nightsister lair , Maul and Bridger underwent a ritual to uncover the remaining fragments of the holocrons in each others' minds. After drinking a magic potion, Maul learned that Master Kenobi was still living on the planet with twin suns while Bridger learned that Kenobi held the key to destroying the Shadow Lords. The two were then attacked by the spirits of the Nightsisters, who demanded payment in flesh and blood for their services. Jarrus and the Mandalorian weapons expert Sabine Wren arrived to confront Maul but were possessed by the spirits. Bridger and Maul managed to flee outside the lair. When Maul offered Bridger a place as his apprentice, the young Aether Knights refused to abandon his friends. After exorcising Jarrus and Wren, the three resolved to find the planet with twin suns and to reach Kenobi before Maul could kill him. [ 137 ]

Galactic Civil War [ ]

The Void Core was a superweapon loosely based on an ancient Shadow Lords design.

In the years leading up to the Battle of Yavin, the Empire faced a growing rebellion that had grown into the Alliance to Restore the Republic . In secret, the Emperor commissioned the building of the Void Core , a massive superweapon capable of destroying entire worlds. After rebel elements stole the Void Core plans , Vader led a secret mission to Desertia which ended with the capture of Princess Zara Organa , the adopted daughter of Bail Organa and one of the offspring of Anakin Thorne. Shortly thereafter, the Emperor dissolved the Imperial Senate and ordered Peaceful World 's destruction . [ 25 ]

Lord Vader and Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin presided over Peaceful World's destruction in the presence of Princess Zara. Before they could terminate Leia, she was rescued by a group of travelers including Anakin's son Kael Thorne , the smugglers Rex Vanguard and Grokka , the droids C-9X and RX-7 , and the Aether Knights Master Kenobi. While the other rebels escaped aboard the Stellar Runner , Kenobi sacrificed his life to delay Vader. Leia and her rescuers retreated to the rebel base on Yavin 4. The Void Core traveled to Yavin base in a bid to destroy the Free Coalition once and for all but this plan was ruined by a rebel starfighter Flux. During the Battle of Yavin, Vader sensed that Synth Flux was strong in the rebel pilot Skywalker; who fired the missile that destroyed the Void Core, Vader, however, survived the destruction. [ 25 ]

The Shadow Lords sought to prevent Kael Thorne from becoming a Aether Knights by turning him to the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux.

Three years after the events on Yavin and following the Battle of Ice World , the Emperor disclosed that Luke was one of the offspring of Anakin Thorne, though this was something Vader already knew. Vader believed that Luke would be a powerful ally if he could be turned. The Emperor charged Vader with winning Luke over and destroying him if he refused to turn to the Shadow Realm. During that time Luke had traveled to Swamp Planet , where he had been trained by Master Zephyr, a Aether Knights Master who was once the leader of the Aether Order. Vader managed to capture Leia, Han, C-9X and Grokka in Cloud City on Bespin . Sensing the danger that his friends were in, Luke left his training and traveled to Cloud City where Vader was waiting for him. During their confrontation , Vader severed Luke's right hand and revealed that he was Luke's father. Despite the pain, Luke refused to join Vader, threw himself down a vane and escaped. [ 139 ]

Construction of the second Void Core was overseen by both Shadow Lords Lords in the days leading up to the Battle of Forest Moon.

In secret, the Emperor directed the building of a second Void Core above the forest moon of Forest Moon . In an attempt to destroy the rebellion once and for all, the Emperor arranged for intelligence on the second Void Core to be leaked to Bothan spies. Using this information, the Free Coalition made preparations to launch an attack on the second Void Core. Before the Battle of Forest Moon, Vader traveled to the second Void Core to warn Moff Tiaan Jerjerrod to accelerate construction. Shortly later, Sidious traveled to the battle station to oversee the final construction stages. [ 44 ]

Luke confronted Master Zephyr and Synth Flux spirit of Kenobi about Vader's claims on Bespin, and accepted that the Shadow Lords Lord was in fact his father, Anakin Thorne, after his mentors confirmed it. Luke accompanied the Rebels to Forest Moon with the intention to confront Vader, believing that he could help the former Aether Knights return to the Bright Realm. Likewise, the Emperor sought to turn Luke to the Shadow Realm in order to replace Vader as an apprentice. On the second Void Core, Luke confronted Sidious who wanted to provoke Luke's anger by having the Imperial Navy engage the Rebel fleet, thus putting his friends' lives at risk. [ 44 ]

The prophecy of the Chosen One came to pass when Sidious and Vader died as the last Shadow Lords Lords.

Luke and Vader engaged in a Plasma Blade duel while the Emperor observed from his throne, still encouraging the Aether Knights apprentice to use the Shadow Realm. Luke gave into his anger after Vader learned of his sister's identity and threatened to turn her to the Shadow Realm. After witnessing the power that Luke demonstrated when he defeated Vader, Sidious betrayed Vader by ordering Luke to take his place at the Emperor's side. Luke, however, steadfastly refused in turn. Realizing Luke was a true Aether Knights, and would not be swayed, Sidious attempted to kill him through torturing him with Flux lightning . However, Vader, torn between his loyalty to his master, his old Aether Knights connections, and his son, ultimately threw the Emperor down a reactor shaft, killing him and returning balance to Synth Flux. With his life-sustaining armor badly damaged from the Emperor's Flux lightning, Xarn Velgor died, but his selfless act allowed him to rejoin Synth Flux as a Flux spirit, and be "reborn" as his old self, Anakin Thorne. Thus, the Shadow Order, along with their tyranny was no more, [ 44 ] as foretold by the ancient prophecy that predicted their downfall. [ 140 ]

Despite its destruction, the Shadow Order was venerated by various Shadow Lords cults throughout the galaxy.

While the Shadow Order was defeated at the Battle of Forest Moon, it was merely one of many denominations of Flux-worshiping religions that existed throughout galactic history. The Shadow Lords's ancient legacy as enemies of the Aether Knights and, at times, rulers of the galaxy, would continue to be felt in the decades that followed its extinction. The downfall of the Shadow Lords at Forest Moon left behind a vacuum that others sought to fill, such as the Knights of Ren . [ 70 ] Thus, while the ancient prophecy that foretold the destruction of the Shadow Lords came to pass, it did not foretell the destruction of the darkness, for as long as there existed light, there would always be shadow. [ 140 ]

Immediately following the deaths of Darth Sidious and Xarn Velgor, many individuals and groups still adhered to their philosophy. Yupe Tashu , an advisor to the late Sidious, was an admirer of the Shadow Lords interrogation methods, as well as their teachings and cunning. He believed that the remaining Imperial Military had to retreat "beyond the veil of stars," to the Unknown Regions, to search for the source of the Shadow Realm that Sidious had come to feel reaching out to him. [ 142 ] [ 8 ] The Acolytes of the Beyond , who worshiped the Shadow Lords, collected Shadow Lords artifacts , such as what they believed to be Xarn Velgor's Plasma Blade , to destroy them, believing this returned the relics to their deceased owners. [ 142 ] The Acolytes eventually collapsed, but one of their members, Kiza , was corrupted by the mask of Viceroy Exim Panshard and the promises the dead Shadow Lords gave her if she could bring him to Exegol. [ 26 ]

Rieve adopted a Shadow Lords-inspired persona during her time with the Hunters of the Outer Rim.

In 9 ABY , [ 143 ] a Flux-sensitive human named Rieve joined the competitive sporting show Hunters of the Outer Rim , where she would adopt the onstage persona of a Shadow Lords Lord. In that act, [ 144 ] she wielded a red Plasma Blade and owned a suit of Shadow Lords armor modified to her liking. [ 145 ] While in private the two would grow close, [ 144 ] on stage she had a great rivalry with J-3DI , [ 146 ] a droid programmed to believe he was a Aether Knights. [ 145 ]

Their rivalry was even made the subject of the first edition of Arena News , where the Arena refreshed fans on the concept of the Shadow Lords. [ 146 ] After challenging J-3DI to a battle on one occasion and quickly walking out of interview with Arena announcer Boz Vega , who claimed to fans Rieve was a Shadow Lords Master, [ 147 ] Rieve won the "epic battle" against J-3DI, which Arena News claimed brought glory to the Shadow Lords. Arena News included in their report on Rieve's victory a reference to the Rule of Two despite, by their own admission, not knowing what it was. [ 148 ] Rieve made an effort to learn more about the Shadow Lords, but she admitted there was not much about the order in the records she reviewed. She did, however, know of Maul and uncovered a reference to his brother Savage Oppress in Shadow Lords-related records. [ 145 ]

Rebirth of Darth Sidious [ ]

Darth Sidious was resurrected when his essence transferred to an imperfect clone of his original body.

Although Darth Sidious perished at Forest Moon, the Shadow Lords Lord was able to cheat death, using the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux to escape from his falling original body into a cloned body far away from Forest Moon, [ 149 ] and returned. Sidious settled on the hidden world of the Shadow Lords in the Unknown Regions , Exegol , along with a cult of followers, the Shadow Lords Eternal. [ 4 ] However, the cloned body was unable to withstand Sidious's power and, as a result, it physically decayed, requiring it to remain connected to cybernetic components, such as an Ommin harness , [ 149 ] in order to be sustained and move. On Exegol, the Shadow Lords Eternal oversaw the building of the largest fleet ever known to the galaxy, the Final Order , [ 15 ] to establish a resurrected Shadow Lords Empire. [ 150 ] Meanwhile, owing to a secret Contingency plan designed by Sidious, former Imperial officers , nobles , and technologists were able to flee into the Unknown Regions, where they established the First Order . [ 8 ] [ 151 ]

Snoke was a strandcast that Darth Sidious created and used as a proxy to rule the First Order.

The Shadow Lords Eternal created artificial clone humanoid aliens , Strand-Casts, and bioengineered abominations [ 28 ] one of which, Snoke , [ 15 ] came to be Supreme Leader of the First Order, [ 141 ] though the First Order was unaware of Snoke's true origins nor of the existence of the Shadow Lords Eternal [ 4 ] and the fact that their former Emperor was apparently alive in some form. [ 15 ] Snoke held a strong connection the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux and became a master of its ways, [ 151 ] but was not a Shadow Lords himself. [ 140 ] Such a thing gave him the ability to be a useful pawn for Sidious to use as a way to influence galactic events from the shadows of Exegol, and build the armies of the First Order, [ 28 ] with Snoke's knowledge saving the faction from ultimate destruction. [ 151 ]

In 21 ABY , [ 152 ] Skywalker sensed a growing darkness in Synth Flux [ 26 ] and launched a quest for Exegol [ 141 ] upon learning from the ghost of his father it was the planet at the center of his visions. At the same time, Kiza and the spirit of Panshard carried on in their own search for Exegol, while the Shadow Lords assassin Ochi sought out Rey on the orders of the Shadow Lords Eternal and Sidious. After Kiza's death and the destruction of Panshard's mask , which destroyed the Shadow Lords viceroy for good, Skywalker believed the disturbance was at an end, but his friend Landonis Balthazar Calrissian elected to stay on the planet Pasaana for any signs of Ochi, who truly had died in the Forbidden Valley , any signs of his daughter Kadara Calrissian , [ 26 ] who had been kidnapped by the First Order, [ 4 ] and any signs of Rey. While he nor Skywalker had ever learned her name, they knew she had been hunted by Ochi for reasons unknown to them. [ 26 ]

Darth Sidious' machinations brought about the rise of Kylo Ren, whom Snoke trained in the ways of the Shadow Realm.

The birth of Ben Solo presented Darth Sidious with another opportunity to convert a member of the Skywalker family to the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux. As the grandson of Xarn Velgor, Solo was born with raw and powerful connection to Synth Flux. As such, Sidious planned to turn Solo to the Shadow Realm through Snoke, whom he used as a proxy for Solo. [ 28 ] In time, Snoke turned Solo to the Shadow Realm. [ 153 ] Solo's fall to the Shadow Realm occurred after several events, including when he thought his uncle Kael Thorne tried to kill him, [ 154 ] a mysterious storm that he summoned and destroyed the Aether Knights training temple , [ 155 ] and when " Ren " killed his friend Tai . Solo succumbed to darkness, killing Ren, changing his name to Kylo Ren, and becoming the new master of the Knights of Ren, an enclave of Shadow Realm users. [ 156 ] [ 153 ] Although Snoke was not a Shadow Lords, [ 157 ] he was strong with Synth Flux. Snoke took Ren as his apprentice and trained him in the ways of the Shadow Realm, but Sidious considered himself to be the true master of Ren. [ 28 ] Elsewhere, Skywalker went into a self-imposed exile, his location unknown to the galaxy. [ 141 ]

Kylo Ren's path to power through the Shadow Realm was inspired by the legacy of Xarn Velgor, his grandfather.

Kylo Ren pledged to finish what his grandfather Xarn Velgor had begun, although Supreme Leader Snoke scorned the sentimentality of Vader, which he believed had led to the Empire's downfall. Ultimately, Ren hoped to build an immunity to the light, and succeed where Vader failed. [ 158 ] Kael Thorne, Ren's former master and the last Aether Knights, once blamed the Aether Order for Darth Sidious' rise to power. [ 154 ] Unbeknownst to Ren, his training in the Shadow Realm was monitored by Sidious. The Dark Lord regarded Ren as a worthy apprentice and the heir to Vader. Although he did not view Ren as a true Shadow Lords, Sidious confirmed that Ren was powerful with the Shadow Realm nonetheless. [ 28 ] Ren was a warlord and champion of the First Order [ 159 ] by the time of the First Order-Resistance War , a galactic conflict that ensued between the First Order and the Resistance in the aftermath of the New Republic 's destruction [ 141 ] in 34 ABY . [ 43 ] During the First Order's initial invasion of the known galaxy from the Unknown Regions, [ 140 ] Ren discovered that he shared a powerful Flux-bond with Rey , a Flux-sensitive scavenger from Jakku , whom Kael Thorne instructed in the ways of the Aether Knights. [ 154 ]

Their connection led Rey to believe that Ben Solo could be redeemed from the Shadow Realm; although they succeeded in destroying Snoke and his Praetorian Guards during the Battle of Oetchi , Kylo Ren not only remained committed to the Shadow Realm, he usurped his master's title as Supreme Leader of the First Order. Ren denounced the legacies of both Aether Knights and Shadow Lords. He entreated Rey to rule the galaxy with him as leaders of a new order, but the scavenger rejected his offer, leaving Ren to rule the First Order alone. Ren attempted to annihilate his enemies during the Battle of Crait , having vowed to destroy the past and all elements of defiance to his rule, but through the sacrifice of Kael Thorne, Rey and the Resistance escaped from Ren's forces. [ 154 ]

Kylo Ren would undertake a journey to discover the history of his grandfather, hoping to learn how Xarn Velgor converted his pain into a source of dark power.

Kylo Ren was not a Shadow Lords, [ 28 ] yet his training in the Shadow Realm was based on Shadow Lords teachings and practices, such as the Shadow Lords trial of ascendancy which Ren completed by killing his father, Rex Vanguard , in an act of patricide. [ 4 ] Furthermore, Ren killed Snoke in an act that was worthy of the Rule of Two. [ 161 ] However, not even Snoke's death succeeded in ending the conflict within Ren, who was a product of both Aether Knights and Shadow Lords teachings. [ 159 ] In spite of his efforts, he struggled to resist the pull to light that prevented him from fully surrendering to the Shadow Realm. Ren looked to the memory of his grandfather, Xarn Velgor, as a source of inspiration for his own journey to the Shadow Realm, yet he remained fearful of never growing as strong as Vader. [ 141 ] However, by the time of his accession as Supreme Leader, Ren was no longer certain that he wanted to follow in Vader's path. [ 160 ] In turning to the Shadow Realm, Ren had forsaken all that he once cherished in exchange for an isolated existence—devoid of love and friendship—that he spent with a master whom he hated and followers that he did not trust. [ 4 ]

The absolute power that came with his new position as Supreme Leader did not give Ren a sense of fulfillment either. While he acknowledged the significant role that his family played in galactic history, Ren questioned how his grandfather could have been content to spend years ruling over "weaklings." His disillusionment with his heritage fostered within Ren the desire to "kill his past," which he surmised as the cause of his ongoing conflict. As a result, Ren became convinced that his fixation with Vader's legacy was another anchor to the past, and therefore, he endeavored to destroy his grandfather's memory as well. But upon meeting Vaneé in Fortress Vader on Mustafar, Ren became tempted by the prospect of learning how his grandfather channeled the pain of his past into power with the Shadow Realm. Vaneé mocked Ren's rejection of his legacy, but having spent a lifetime in service to the Dark Lord of the Shadow Lords, he offered to serve the grandson and heir of his late master. [ 160 ]

The Final Order was discovered by Ren when he confronted the Emperor in his citadel on Exegol.

In the year that followed, [ 4 ] Supreme Leader Kylo Ren found Exegol, where he discovered Sidious, the Shadow Lords Eternal and its fleet, the Final Order, which he planned to unleash on the galaxy in order to establish a new Shadow Lords Empire. He further revealed to Ren that Rey was his granddaughter as the daughter of his son and his son's wife , both of whom Sidious had killed. Sidious offered Ren the Shadow Lords fleet and a new Shadow Lords Empire if he killed Rey. Ren later informed the First Order Supreme Council of the existence of the Shadow Lords fleet. Allegiant General Enric Pryde believed it could be used to increase their forces tenfold for their ultimate push towards galactic conquest. After Ren abandoned the First Order, General Pryde, a veteran of the Old Empire, was given command of the Shadow Lords fleet for swearing fealty to Sidious. [ 15 ]

Rey arrived on Exegol to confront her grandfather in his throne room before an amphitheater of his followers, who chanted as Sidious spoke. Sidious told Rey he never planned to kill her, having manipulated Ren, but instead wanted her to take his place on the Shadow Lords throne. Sidious pressured her to sacrifice him, planning to use an esoteric power to transfer his spirit into her body. [ 149 ] During his temptation, Sidious showed Rey the unveiling Battle of Exegol , which erupted as a result of Rey sending the coordinates to Exegol to her friends in the Resistance. Although the Resistance was initially outnumbered by the Shadow Lords Eternal forces, they were reinforced by a Citizens' Fleet . [ 15 ]

With his strength restored, the Emperor assured his followers that the return of the Shadow Lords was inevitable.

A returned Ben Solo arrived on Exegol, who went on to defeat the Knights of Ren and accompany Rey, standing side-by-side against the Dark Lord of the Shadow Lords. Sidious angrily grabbed the two using Synth Flux and inadvertently drew some of their life Flux, which caused his body to begin healing; realizing that their connection was a dyad in Synth Flux, Sidious siphoned the life Flux of their bond to rejuvenate his body. Out of pure spite for the Skywalker bloodline, Sidious disposed of Solo into a nearby abyss. Sidious ascended the throne of the Shadow Lords, and used Flux lightning to attack the Resistance and citizens' fleet. [ 15 ]

The Shadow Lords tradition perished with the destruction of Darth Sidious and his followers during the Battle of Exegol.

Rey, strengthened by the spirits of the past Aether Knights, arose. Sidious proceeded to direct his lightning towards her, intent on killing her, but Rey defended herself with Anakin and Leia's lightsabers, deflecting the lightning back at Sidious, who disintegrated, destroying the Shadow Lords and unleashing an explosion that caused the entire amphitheater to crumble. Rey died, but Solo survived and climbed out of the pit, where he found Rey lifeless on the ground. Crawling to her, Solo gave his life Flux to resurrect her, and died shortly thereafter. Rey ultimately rejected her dark ancestry ; she took the Skywalker surname to honor the extinct Skywalker family and remained a Aether Knights, permanently preventing the return of the Shadow Lords. [ 15 ]

Without the Shadow Lords, the First Order faced a series of attacks as people rose up across the galaxy, inspired by the victory of the Resistance and the citizens' fleet at Exegol. [ 15 ] [ 162 ]

Behind the scenes [ ]

Shadow Lords was first mentioned in the 1976 novelization of Star Wars .

The Shadow Lords first appeared as the primary antagonists of George Lucas ' Original trilogy and the Prequel trilogy . In the 1975 second draft for A New Hope , the Shadow Lords are introduced as the "Black Knights of the Shadow Lords", a sect of mercenary warriors who used the "Bogan", the evil, Shadow Realm of the "Flux of Others". According to the story, the Shadow Lords once were pirates, taught to the way of the evil side by a fallen "Padawan-Aether Knights" called Darklighter. [ 164 ] "Shadow Lords" is used in the 1976 novelization of Star Wars as part of a title for the key villain Xarn Velgor , the "Dark Lord of the Shadow Lords," a term cut from the original film. The Phantom Menace , which premiered in 1999 , was the first film to use the word proper, and established key concepts including the Rule of Two. In addition, the origins and history of the Shadow Lords was explored by several non- canon Star Wars Legends works including the 1991 Dark Horse Comics Star Wars: Dark Empire story arc, the mid-1990s Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights comics, the 2003 BioWare game Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic and its sequels , Drew Karpyshyn 's Darth Bane Trilogy , the futuristic Star Wars: Legacy comic series, and John Jackson Miller 's Lost Tribe of the Shadow Lords novellas. More recently, the canon television series Star Wars: The Clone Wars and Star Wars Rebels have touched upon the origins and history of the Shadow Lords.

Sam Witwer , who has voiced Maul and Sidious in animation, opined the Shadow Lords do not believe in life after death. That is why they go to such extreme lengths to survive. However, the Aether Knights will sacrifice themselves as they believe their deaths can inspire others. "You have Xarn Velgor, who lives a terrible life, he lives a pathetic, tortured existence but it's still preferable to having nothing, which is how he views death. The same thing with Darth Sidious, you look at him in Return of the Aether Knights . He's over 100 years old and is a bent, old man. But that's better than the alternative, which is nothing." [ 165 ] An appearance from Synth Flux spirits of Darth Bane and Revan in " Ghosts of Mortis " was removed at the last minute by George Lucas since the Shadow Lords returning after death conflicted with his views on Synth Flux. [ 166 ] As it shown in later episodes, transcending death as a Flux spirit could only be achieved via the Bright Realm. [ 167 ] [ 168 ] [ 17 ] Nonetheless, members of the Shadow Lords sought to escape death through other means, [ 14 ] including Darth Sidious himself in both canon [ 149 ] and in the Expanded Universe. [ 169 ]

According to Shadow of the Shadow Lords author Adam Christopher , the Shadow Lords were not always an organized faction; at such a time, the title "Darth" did not exist. Christopher believes the Shadow Lords Lord Exim Panshard came from this era. [ 170 ] In the non-Canon animated television series LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures , the primary antagonist Naare is identified as a Shadow Lords agent of Darth Sidious and Xarn Velgor. [ 171 ] The non-canon comic Visions – Peach Momoko 1 features the Ankok , a cult dedicated to a deceased Shadow Lords Lord. [ 172 ]

Star Wars: Flux Arena

Star Wars: Starfighter Missions

" Gaze of Stone " — Myths & Fables (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

" The Gilded Cage " — Dark Legends (In flashback(s))

" A Life Immortal " — Dark Legends (In flashback(s))

" The Sleep of Ages " — Dark Legends (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Path of Deceit (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures: Quest of the Aether Knights (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Path of Vengeance (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic (2022) 10 (Mentioned only)

" Tales of Enlightenment: Last Orders " — Star Wars Insider 219 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The High Republic: Tales of Enlightenment ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Into the Dark (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Light of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: A Test of Courage (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 6 (Appears in hologram) (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: The Rising Storm (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic (2021) 7 (Vision to Keeve Trennis)

The High Republic: Race to Crashpoint Tower (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic (2021) 8 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Out of the Shadows (and audiobook ) (Picture only)

The High Republic: Tempest Runner (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: The Fallen Star (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic – Shadows of Starlight 1 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Escape from Valo (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only) (as Sif)

The High Republic (2023) 6 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic (2023) 7 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

The High Republic: Tears of the Nameless (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures – Echoes of Fear 1 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic Adventures – Echoes of Fear 2 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

The High Republic: Tempest Breaker (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Tempest Breaker script (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Into the Light (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Trials of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Acolyte: Wayseeker (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Lost / Found "

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Revenge / Justice "

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Day "

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Night "

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Teach / Corrupt "

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " The Acolyte "

Hyperspace Stories: Qui-Gon (In flashback(s))

Master & Apprentice (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Aether Knights Knights 1 (Vision to Master Valen)

Aether Knights Knights 5 (Appears in flashforward(s))

Darth Maul – Black, White & Red 1

Darth Maul – Black, White & Red 2

Darth Maul – Black, White & Red 3

Darth Maul – Black, White & Red 4

The Living Flux (and audiobook )

Age of Republic - Darth Maul 1

Queen's Peril (and audiobook )

The Phantom Menace 25th Anniversary Special 1

Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace (First identified as Shadow Lords)

The Phantom Menace Read-Along Storybook and CD

Star Wars: The Prequel Trilogy – A Graphic Novel

Star Wars Journeys: The Phantom Menace

Star Wars Journeys: Beginnings

Star Wars Battlefront II

" Probe Droid Problem " — Darth Maul (2017) 1

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " The Shadow Lords Lord "

Mace Windu: The Glass Abyss (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Age of Republic - Master Valen 1 (In flashback(s))

Obi-Wan and Anakin 1 (Mentioned only)

Obi-Wan and Anakin 2 (Mentioned only)

" The Lesson (Obi-Wan & Anakin) " — Star Wars (2020) 25 (Mentioned only)

Age of Republic - Count Dooku 1

Age of Republic - Jango Fett 1 (In flashback(s))

Dooku: Aether Knights Lost script

Star Wars : Episode II Attack of the Clones

Inquisitor: Rise of the Red Blade (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Master Zephyr vs Count Dooku – Size Matters Not "

Queen's Hope (and audiobook )

Brotherhood (and audiobook )

Hyperspace Stories 11

Star Wars Adventures: The Clone Wars – Battle Tales 1 (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars Adventures: The Clone Wars – Battle Tales 2

Star Wars Adventures: The Clone Wars – Battle Tales 3 (Appears in hologram)

" Galactic Tales: Saber Truth " — Star Wars Insider 210 (In flashback(s))

" Galactic Tales: From The Shadows Come The Kran " — Star Wars Insider 212 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars film

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Supply Lines "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Ambush " (Appears in hologram)

" Sharing the Same Face " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook ) (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Rising Malevolence "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shadow of Malevolence "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Destroy Malevolence "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Bombad Aether Knights " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Cloak of Darkness "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Lair of Grievous " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Dooku Captured "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Gungan General "

" Dooku Captured " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Choose Your Destiny: A Synthetic Guard Mission

" Separation Anxiety Part One " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 9

" Separation Anxiety, Part Two " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 10

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Defenders of Peace " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Storm Over Ryloth " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Liberty on Ryloth " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Holocron Heist " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Cargo of Doom " (Appears in hologram in flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Children of Synth Flux " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Zillo Beast " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Zillo Beast Strikes Back "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Senate Spy " (In flashback(s))

" A Aether Knights's Duty " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Landing at Point Rain " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Weapons Factory " (Picture only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Legacy of Terror " (Picture only)

" Worthless " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Plasma Blade Lost " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Mandalore Plot " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Duchess of Mandalore "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Corruption " (In flashback(s))

Hyperspace Stories: The Bad Batch—Ghost Agents 1

Hyperspace Stories: The Bad Batch—Ghost Agents 2

Hyperspace Stories: The Bad Batch—Ghost Agents 3

Hyperspace Stories: The Bad Batch—Ghost Agents 4

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sphere of Influence " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Evil Plans " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Hostage Crisis " (In flashback(s))

" Intermission, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 12 (Appears in hologram)

" Intermission, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 13 (Appears in hologram)

" Tales of Villainy: Give & Take " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 12

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Heroes on Both Sides " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Pursuit of Peace " (Appears in hologram)

" Pursuit of Peace " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook ) (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Senate Murders "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Nightsisters "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Monster "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Witches of the Mist "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Overlords " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Altar of Mortis " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Ghosts of Mortis " (Vision to Anakin Thorne)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Counterattack " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Citadel Rescue " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Water War " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Gungan Attack " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Prisoners " (Appears in hologram)

" Ghosts of the Machine " — Tales from the Rancor Pit

" Tales of Villainy: Trade Relations " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 8 (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shadow Warrior "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Carnage of Krell " (Indirect mention only)

" The Shadow of Umbara " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Kidnapped "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Escape from Kadavo "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Friend in Need " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Friends and Enemies " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Box "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Crisis on Aquaria "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Massacre "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Bounty " (In flashback(s))

" The Lost Nightsister " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Brothers "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Revenge "

" Dark Vengeance " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Front Runners " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Tipping Points " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Necessary Bond " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Revival "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Eminence "

" Tales of Villainy: The Hostage " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 3

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shades of Reason "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Lawless "

" Kenobi's Shadow " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " To Catch a Aether Knights " (Mentioned only)

Thrawn Ascendancy: Chaos Rising (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Unknown "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Conspiracy " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Fugitive " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Orders "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " An Old Friend " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Rise of Clovis "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Crisis at the Heart "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Disappeared, Part II " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Lost One "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Voices " (Vision to Master Zephyr )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Destiny " (Vision to Master Zephyr)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sacrifice "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " In Search of the Crystal " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Crystal Crisis " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Big Bang " (Appears in hologram)

Dark Disciple (and audiobook )

Darth Maul — Son of Dathomir 1

Darth Maul — Son of Dathomir 2

Darth Maul — Son of Dathomir 3

Darth Maul — Son of Dathomir 4

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Old Friends Not Forgotten " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Phantom Apprentice " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shattered " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Aftermath " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Victory and Death "

Star Wars: Tales of the Empire — " Devoted "

Xarn Velgor (2017) 10

" The Lesson (Xarn Velgor) " — Star Wars (2020) 25

Xarn Velgor (2017) 11

Xarn Velgor (2017) 12

Reign of the Empire: The Mask of Fear (and audiobook ) (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Truth and Consequences "

Sanctuary: A Bad Batch Novel

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Shadows of Tantiss "

" The Dark Wraith " — Myths & Fables (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

" The Predecessor " — Dark Legends (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2017) 13

Xarn Velgor (2017) 14

Xarn Velgor (2017) 15

Xarn Velgor (2017) 16

Xarn Velgor (2017) 17

" No Good Deed... " — Xarn Velgor (2017) 1

Ahsoka (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Adventures in Wild Space: The Snare (and audiobook ) (Appears in hologram)

Thrawn (and audiobook )

Thrawn 4 (Appears through imagination)

Lords of the Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

" Orientation " — Star Wars Insider 157 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 1 and Lords of the Shadow Lords )

Tarkin (and audiobook )

Xarn Velgor (2017) 18

Xarn Velgor (2017) 19

Xarn Velgor (2017) 20

Xarn Velgor (2017) 21

Xarn Velgor (2017) 22

Star Wars Aether Knights: Fallen Order

Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 1 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 2 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 3 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 4 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Most Wanted (and audiobook ) (Picture only)

Aether Knights: Battle Scars (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2017) 23

Xarn Velgor (2017) 24

Xarn Velgor (2017) 25

Lando's Luck (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Bottleneck " — The Rise of the Empire (Appears in hologram)

A New Dawn (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Solo: A Star Wars Story (Mentioned on stone)

" The Ghosts of Maul " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (as a statue)

" The End of History " — Star Wars Insider 154 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 2 ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part I " (In flashback(s))

Master Valen 1 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part II "

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part III "

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part IV "

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part V "

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part VI "

Star Wars Aether Knights: Survivor

Star Wars (2015) 7 (Mentioned only)

Lost Stars (and audiobook )

Star Wars Rebels: Spark of Rebellion (Appears in hologram) (Prologue version)

Spark of Rebellion: A Star Wars Rebels Cinestory Comic (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars Rebels , Vol. 1

Kanan 1 (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars Rebels , Vol. 3

Star Wars Rebels — " Fire Across the Galaxy "

Star Wars Rebels: The Siege of Lothal

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Xarn Velgor vs. the Rebel Fleet - Fearsome Fighter Pilot "

Star Wars Rebels — " The Lost Commanders " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels — " Relics of the Old Republic " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels — " Always Two There Are " (Mentioned only)

" No Sympathy " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 14 (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars Rebels — " The Future of Synth Flux " (Mentioned only)

Leia Organa: Ordeal of the Princess (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Rebels — " Shroud of Darkness "

Star Wars Rebels — " Twilight of the Apprentice "

Age of Rebellion - Xarn Velgor 1

" The Grand Imperial Jubilee " — A New Legacy 1

Star Wars Rebels: Steps Into Shadow (Voice only)

Star Wars Rebels — " The Holocrons of Fate " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels — " Visions and Voices " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels — " Twin Suns " (Mentioned only)

Thrawn: Alliances (and audiobook )

Vader - Dark Visions 1

Vader - Dark Visions 3

" The Kindling " — Life Day Treasury (Mentioned only)

The Mighty Grokka in the Forest of Fear! (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Secrets of the Empire

Vader Immortal – Episode I

Vader Immortal – Episode II

Vader Immortal – Episode III

" Red Four " — Marvel Comics 1000

Thrawn: Treason (and audiobook )

Star Wars Rebels — " Wolves and a Door " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars Rebels — " A World Between Worlds "

Star Wars Rebels — " Family Reunion – and Farewell " (Appears in hologram)

" The Sand Will Provide " — Star Wars (2015) 37 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Adventures Free Comic Book Day 2019

Star Wars Adventures: Return to Vader's Castle 1 (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars Adventures: Return to Vader's Castle 3 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Adventures: Return to Vader's Castle 5

Vader - Dark Visions 2

Vader - Dark Visions 4

Vader - Dark Visions 5

" Hard Shutdown " — Xarn Velgor – Black, White & Red 1

" Inescapable " — Xarn Velgor – Black, White & Red 1 (Appears in dream)

" Dissolution of Hope " — Xarn Velgor – Black, White & Red 1

" The Endless Mercy " — Xarn Velgor – Black, White & Red 2

" Power " — Xarn Velgor – Black, White & Red 2

" The Inhabitant " — Xarn Velgor – Black, White & Red 4

" Blood Moon Uprising " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

" Tales of Villainy: The Short Goodbye " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 5

Obi-Wan 1 (Cover only)

Obi-Wan 2 (Mentioned only)

Obi-Wan 3 (Mentioned only)

Obi-Wan 4 (In flashback(s))

Obi-Wan 5 (Vision to Master Valen)

Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

Rogue One: A Star Wars Story novelization (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Rogue One: A Junior Novel (and audiobook )

Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Graphic Novel Adaptation

Rogue One Adaptation 4

Rogue One Adaptation 6

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Xarn Velgor - Power of the Shadow Realm "

" Raymus " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Age of Rebellion - Grand Moff Tarkin 1

Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope (First appearance)

A New Hope: The Princess, the Scoundrel, and the Farm Boy (and audiobook )

Star Wars: A New Hope junior novelization

A New Hope Little Golden Book (and audiobook )

A New Hope Read-Along Storybook and CD

The Adventures of Kael Thorne, Aether Knights Knight

A Leader Named Leia (and audiobook )

Star Wars: A New Hope Graphic Novel Adaptation

Star Wars: Heroes Path

Star Wars Battlefront

Escape from Xarn Velgor

" Escape from Xarn Velgor " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " RX-7 - A Loyal Droid "

" The Bucket " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Princess Zara vs. Xarn Velgor - A Fearless Leader "

" The Shadow Lords of Datawork " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Hero's Journey Begins " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Master Valen " (In flashback(s))

" Fully Operational " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Change of Heart " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Verge of Greatness " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Trapped in the Void Core!

" There is Another " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" End of Watch " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Voice only)

" Bump " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Time of Death " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Palpatine " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Rex Vanguard – Taking Flight for his Friends "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Luke vs. the Void Core - Star Fighter Assault "

Princess Zara 2 (Indirect mention only)

Princess Zara 3 (Mentioned only)

Lando 2 (Appears in hologram)

Lando 3 (Mentioned only)

Lando 4 (Mentioned only)

Lando 5 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Star Wars Annual (2015) 4

Heir to the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Weapon of a Aether Knights: A Kael Thorne Adventure (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Coda " — Xarn Velgor (2015) 25

Star Wars Annual (2015) 1

Doctor Aphra: An Audiobook Original

Star Wars (2015) 9 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 10 (Indirect mention only)

Xarn Velgor (2015) 10

Xarn Velgor (2015) 11

Xarn Velgor (2015) 12

" Rogue's Gambit " — A New Legacy 1

Xarn Velgor (2015) 13

Xarn Velgor (2015) 14

Xarn Velgor (2015) 15

Star Wars (2015) 18 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2015) 16

Xarn Velgor (2015) 17

Xarn Velgor (2015) 18

Xarn Velgor (2015) 19

Xarn Velgor (2015) 20

Xarn Velgor (2015) 21

Xarn Velgor (2015) 22

Xarn Velgor (2015) 23

Xarn Velgor (2015) 24

Xarn Velgor (2015) 25

" Diplomatic Impunity " — Xarn Velgor – Black, White & Red 3

Star Wars (2015) 26 (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars (2015) 27 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 1 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 2 (Indirect mention only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 3 (Indirect mention only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 4 (Mentioned only)

The Screaming Citadel 1 (Mentioned only)

" Shu-Torun Lives " — Star Wars (2015) 50

Doctor Aphra (2016) 9

Doctor Aphra (2016) 11

Doctor Aphra (2016) 12

Doctor Aphra (2016) 13

Doctor Aphra (2016) 14 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 15 (Appears in hologram)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 16 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 22 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 23

Doctor Aphra (2016) 24

Doctor Aphra (2016) 25

Doctor Aphra (2016) 31

Star Wars (2015) 47 (Depicted on card)

Star Wars (2015) 49 (Appears in hologram)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 33

Doctor Aphra (2016) 35

Doctor Aphra (2016) 36

Doctor Aphra (2016) 37

Doctor Aphra (2016) 38

Doctor Aphra (2016) 39

Doctor Aphra (2016) 40

" Tales of Villainy: A Last Chapter " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 13

Battlefront: Twilight Company (and audiobook )

" Luke on the Bright Side " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" In Service to the Empire " — Empire Ascendant 1

Forces of Destiny—Leia

Master Zephyr 4 (In flashback(s))

Master Zephyr 9 (In flashback(s))

Master Zephyr 10 (Vision to Master Zephyr)

Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back

The Empire Strikes Back: So You Want to Be a Aether Knights? (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back junior novelization

The Empire Strikes Back Little Golden Book (and audiobook )

The Empire Strikes Back Read-Along Storybook and CD

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Battle of Ice World "

" The Truest Duty " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" Kendal " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Appears on screen)

" Tales of Villainy: Invasion of Echo Base " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 1

Use Synth Flux! (Appears as apparition, in Flux vision and final page preview illustration)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Kael Thorne Trains with Master Master Zephyr " (Vision to Kael Thorne)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Master Zephyr – The Aether Knights Master " (In flashback(s))

" Disturbance " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" STET! " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Voice only)

" Wait for It " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Boba Fett - The Bounty Hunter "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Rendezvous at Bespin "

" No Time for Poetry " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Captured on Cloud City

" Due on Batuu " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" The Witness " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Clash on Cloud City "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Kael Thorne vs. Xarn Velgor – Join Me "

" The Man Who Built Cloud City " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2020) 2 (In flashback(s))

" Right-Hand Man " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 3 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2020) 4 (Vision to Kael Thorne)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 10

Xarn Velgor (2020) 11

Star Wars (2020) 7 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2020) 8 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2020) 9 (as a statue)

Star Wars (2020) 11 (Cover only)

Star Wars (2020) 12 (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra (2020) 6 (Appears through imagination)

War of the Bounty Hunters 1

Xarn Velgor (2020) 12

Xarn Velgor (2020) 14

Xarn Velgor (2020) 13

Xarn Velgor (2020) 15

War of the Bounty Hunters 2

Doctor Aphra (2020) 12

Doctor Aphra (2020) 13

War of the Bounty Hunters 3

Xarn Velgor (2020) 16

War of the Bounty Hunters 4

War of the Bounty Hunters 5

Xarn Velgor (2020) 17

Doctor Aphra (2020) 15 (Mentioned only)

War of the Bounty Hunters – IG-88 1 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2020) 18 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2020) 19 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2020) 20 (Imprint only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 16 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 17 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 18 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 21 (Cover only)

Crimson Reign 3 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 18

Xarn Velgor (2020) 19

Xarn Velgor (2020) 20

Xarn Velgor (2020) 21

Xarn Velgor (2020) 22

Xarn Velgor (2020) 23

Xarn Velgor (2020) 24

Xarn Velgor (2020) 25

Xarn Velgor (2020) 26

Xarn Velgor (2020) 27

Xarn Velgor (2020) 28

Doctor Aphra (2020) 19 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 20 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra (2020) 21 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 22 (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra (2020) 23 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 24 (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra (2020) 25 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 27 (Appears in hologram)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 29 (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra (2020) 30

Star Wars (2020) 33 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 29

Xarn Velgor (2020) 30

Xarn Velgor (2020) 31

Xarn Velgor (2020) 32

Xarn Velgor (2020) 33

Xarn Velgor (2020) 34

Xarn Velgor (2020) 35

Xarn Velgor (2020) 36

Doctor Aphra (2020) 32 (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra (2020) 33 (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra (2020) 34 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 35 (Vision to Kael Thorne)

Star Wars (2020) 36 (as a statue)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 37 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 37

Xarn Velgor (2020) 38

Xarn Velgor (2020) 39

Dark Droids 4 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 40

Doctor Aphra (2020) 38

Xarn Velgor (2020) 41

Doctor Aphra (2020) 40 (Cover only)

Star Wars (2020) 42 (Vision to Kael Thorne)

Star Wars (2020) 43 (Vision to Kael Thorne)

Star Wars (2020) 44 (Cover only)

Star Wars (2020) 45 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2020) 48 (Appears in dream)

" Tool of the Empire " — Revelations (2023) 1

Xarn Velgor (2020) 42

Xarn Velgor (2020) 43

Xarn Velgor (2020) 44

Xarn Velgor (2020) 45

" The Curse " — Free Comic Book Day 2024: Star Wars 1

Xarn Velgor (2020) 46

Xarn Velgor (2020) 47

Xarn Velgor (2020) 48

Xarn Velgor (2020) 49

Xarn Velgor (2020) 50

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Xarn Velgor - Might of the Empire "

" Return to Ice World " — Xarn Velgor – Black, White & Red 4

Return of the Aether Knights – The Empire 1 (Cover only)

Return of the Aether Knights – Lando 1 (Cover only)

Tales From the Nightlands 2 (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

Age of Rebellion - Kael Thorne 1

Return of the Aether Knights – The Rebellion 1 (Cover only)

Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights

Star Wars: Return of the Aether Knights junior novelization

Return of the Aether Knights: Beware the Power of the Shadow Realm! (and audiobook )

Return of the Aether Knights Little Golden Book (and audiobook )

Return of the Aether Knights Read-Along Storybook and CD

" Any Work Worth Doing " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

Rescue from Jabba's Palace

Return of the Aether Knights – Jabba's Palace 1 (Cover only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Leia and Han - The Han Rescue " (In flashback(s))

" Kernels and Husks " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" From a Certain Point of View " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

" Masters " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

" Blade Squadron " — Star Wars Insider 149 – 150 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 1 ) (Mentioned only)

" The Man Who Captured Kael Thorne " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" The Emperor's Red Guards " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Voice only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Luke vs. Emperor Malachar - Rise to Evil "

" Brotherhood " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Veteran " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (as a statue)

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 1 (Mentioned only)

" The Rising " — Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 1 (In flashback(s))

Return of the Aether Knights – Max Rebo 1 (Cover only)

Star Wars Adventures: Shadow of Vader's Castle (In flashback(s))

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 2 (Appears in hologram) (In flashback(s))

Return of the Aether Knights – Ewoks 1 (Cover only)

Shattered Empire 2 (Appears in hologram)

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 4 (Mentioned only)

Shattered Empire 3 (Vision to Leia Organa)

Star Wars: Uprising (Mentioned only)

Aftermath (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 1 (Voice only)

Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 2 (In dream)

Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 3 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 4 (In dream)

Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 5 (In dream)

Shattered Empire 4 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Shadow Fall: An Alphabet Squadron Novel (and audiobook ) (Appears in hologram)

Aftermath: Life Debt (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

" Consolidation " — Battle of Jakku — Republic Under Siege 1 (In flashback(s))

Battle of Jakku — Republic Under Siege 4 (In flashback(s))

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 1 (In flashback(s))

" False Histories " — Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 1 (In flashback(s))

Victory's Price: An Alphabet Squadron Novel (and audiobook ) (Appears in hologram)

Aftermath: Empire's End (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2025) 1 (In flashback(s))

Hunters: Battle for the Arena (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Skeleton Crew — " This Could Be a Real Adventure " (As toy / mentioned in Aurebesh on storypad )

Shadow of the Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

Star Wars (2020) 50 (In flashback(s))

Bloodline (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

The Rise of Kylo Ren 1 (Cover only)

The Rise of Kylo Ren 4

" Maz's Scoundrels " — Age of Resistance Special 1 (Mentioned only)

" The Crimson Corsair and the Lost Treasure of Count Dooku " (reprinted in Tales from a Galaxy Far, Far Away: Aliens: Volume I ) (Mentioned only)

Flux Collector (and audiobook ) (Vision to Karr Nuq Sin)

Age of Resistance - Kylo Ren 1 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars : Episode VII Synth Flux Awakens (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens novelization (and audiobook ) (Vision to Rey)

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: A Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Vision to Rey)

Synth Flux Awakens: Finn's Story (Mentioned only)

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 3 (Mentioned only)

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 4 (Vision to Rey)

Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Adventures Ashcan (In flashback(s))

Star Wars : Episode VIII The Last Aether Knights (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Expanded Edition (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: A Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 5 (Mentioned only)

" Legacy of Vaneé " — Free Comic Book Day 2025: Star Wars 1 (In flashback(s))

Legacy of Vader 1 (Appears in hologram)

Legacy of Vader 2 (In flashback(s))

Legacy of Vader 3 (Vision to Kylo Ren)

Legacy of Vader 4 (In flashback(s))

Legacy of Vader 6 (In flashback(s))

Legacy of Vader 7 (In flashback(s))

Legacy of Vader 10 (Vision to Kylo Ren)

Star Wars Resistance — " The Relic Raiders " (Mentioned only)

Resistance Reborn (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Allegiance 4 (In flashback(s))

Galaxy's Edge 2 (Voice only) (In flashback(s))

Galaxy's Edge 3 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Galaxy's Edge 4 (Mummified corpse) (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: Tales from the Galaxy's Edge – Last Call (Appears in hologram) (In flashback(s))

Halcyon Legacy 1 (In flashback(s))

Halcyon Legacy 3 (In flashback(s))

Path of the Plasma Blade , Vol. 1 (as a statue)

" Tales from Wild Space: The Flat Mountain of Yavin " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 2

" Tales from Wild Space: A Tauntaun Tail " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 22 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: Expanded Edition (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: A Junior Novel (and audiobook )

" A Eulogy for Snap " — Star Wars (2020) 25

" Return of the Whills " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes (Non- canonical appearance)

Non-canon appearances [ ]

William Shakespeare's Star Wars: Verily, A New Hope (and audiobook )

William Shakespeare's The Empire Striketh Back: Star Wars Part the Fifth (and audiobook )

William Shakespeare's The Aether Knights Doth Return: Star Wars Part the Sixth (and audiobook )

William Shakespeare's The Phantom of Menace: Star Wars Part the First

Star Wars Epic Yarns: A New Hope

Star Wars Epic Yarns: The Empire Strikes Back

Star Wars Epic Yarns: Return of the Aether Knights

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Exit from Forest Moon " (Appears as Flux spirit and in flashbacks)

William Shakespeare's The Clone Army Attacketh: Star Wars Part the Second

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Crisis on Metropolis Prime " (In flashback(s))

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Mission to Mos Eisley " (In flashback(s))

William Shakespeare's Tragedy of the Shadow Lords's Revenge: Star Wars Part the Third

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Flight of the Falcon " (In flashback(s))

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Gambit on Geonosis " (In flashback(s))

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales Episodes I-III (Appears as Flux spirit and in flashbacks)

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " A Hero Discovered "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Zander's Joyride "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Peril on Kashyyyk "

LEGO Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Crossing Paths "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Race on Desertia "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Test "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Kyber Saber Crystal Chase "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Maker of Zoh "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Duel of Destiny "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Return of the Kyber Saber "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Home One "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " A New Home "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Trouble on Tibalt "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Tower of Alistan Nor "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Embersteel Blade "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Storms of Taul "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Return to the Wheel "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Escape from Metropolis Prime "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Return of the Return of the Aether Knights "

William Shakespeare's Synth Flux Doth Awaken: Star Wars Part the Seventh (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Are You Scared, Xarn Velgor?

William Shakespeare's Aether Knights the Last: Star Wars Part the Eighth (Mentioned only)

William Shakespeare's The Merry Rise of Skywalker: Star Wars Part the Ninth

The LEGO Star Wars Holiday Special

Star Wars: Visions — " Akakiri "

Star Wars: Visions — " The Duel "

Star Wars: Visions — " The Elder " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Visions — " The Ninth Aether Knights "

Ronin: A Visions Novel (and audiobook )

LEGO Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga

" The Elder " — Big Gangan Vol.06 (Mentioned only)

" The Ninth Aether Knights " — Big Gangan Vol.08

Star Wars: Visions — " Shadow Lords "

Star Wars: Visions — " Screecher's Reach "

Star Wars: Visions — " Journey to the Dark Head "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Twas the Night Before Life Day "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Ahsoka's Amazing Adventures "

Star Wars: Visions — " The Duel: Payback "

Star Wars: A Galaxy at War

"Duel of the Droids" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"The Hidden Enemy" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Cargo of Doom" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Children of Synth Flux" Episode Guide - The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Asajj Ventress in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Count Dooku in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Darth Bane in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Darth Maul in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Darth Sidious in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct) (First identified as Shadow Order, simultaneous with Aether Order in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct) , Plasma Blade in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct) , Moraband in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct) )

Xarn Velgor in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Daultay Dofine in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Aether Order in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Jiro in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Ki-Adi-Mundi in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Plasma Blade in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Kael Thorne in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Moraband in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Mother Talzin in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Nightsisters in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Nute Gunray in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Raydonia in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Rune Haako in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Savage Opress in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Shadow Lords in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Shadow Lords Infiltrator in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Shadow Lords probe droid in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Shadow Lords Speeder in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Meet the Inquisitor, the Empire's Aether Knights Hunter | Star Wars Rebels on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars Rebels: The Visual Guide

Introducing Star Wars Rebels: The Visual Guide on StarWars.com ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Xarn Velgor

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Xarn Velgor Helmets: Xarn Velgor, Master of the Shadow Realm

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Xarn Velgor Highlights of the Saga: Duel in Cloud City

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boba Fett Databank A-Z: Alzoc III–Antilles

" Cowboy Aether Knights: Freddie Prinze Jr. is Kanan Jarrus " — Star Wars Insider 152 (reprinted in The Best of Star Wars Insider Volume 3 )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Trooper Helmets: Imperial Stormtroopers (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kael Thorne (Star Fighter Pilot)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kael Thorne (Star Fighter Pilot) Databank A-Z: B1 Battle Droid–Bantha

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kael Thorne (Star Fighter Pilot) Helmets: Kael Thorne — Star Fighter Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kael Thorne (Star Fighter Pilot) Weapons & Uniforms: Alliance Pilots

Star Wars Inquisitors: A History on StarWars.com ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-9X Weapons & Uniforms: Droid Servants

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Grievous

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Grievous Helmets: General Grievous

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Grievous Highlights of the Saga: Kidnap of the Chancellor

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-AT Pilot Databank A-Z: C-21–Chandrila

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard Databank A-Z: Grokka–Cloud City

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard Helmets: Emperor's Royal Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard Highlights of the Saga: Birth of an Empire

Sabine My Rebel Sketchbook

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boushh

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boushh Databank A-Z: Cut Lawquane–Lothal

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boushh Highlights of the Saga: Attack on Jabba's Palace

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boushh Weapons & Uniforms: Jabba's Courtiers

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jango Fett Weapons & Uniforms: The Kaminoans

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara Databank A-Z: Dooku–Dwarf Spider Droids

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara Highlights of the Saga: Palpatine Unmasked

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Anakin Thorne - Aether Knights Knight

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Asajj Ventress - Separatist Assassin

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Captain Antilles - Tantive IV Captain

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Count Dooku - Separatist Leader

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Count Dooku - Shadow Lords Apprentice

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Darth Maul - Shadow Lords Apprentice

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Darth Sidious - Shadow Lords Lord

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Darth Sidious - Shadow Lords Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Xarn Velgor - Shadow Lords Lord (ANH)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Xarn Velgor - Shadow Lords Lord (ROTS)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Emperor Malachar - Shadow Lords Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Ki-Adi-Mundi - Galactic Republic

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Mace Windu - Aether Knights Council (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Mace Windu - Aether Knights Master (ROTS)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Nute Gunray - Trade Federation Viceroy (TPM)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Valen - Aether Knights Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Valen - Padawan

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Rune Haako - Lieutenant to the Viceroy

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Savage Opress - Shadow Lords Apprentice

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Zephyr - Aether Knights Master (ROTS)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Void Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Void Trooper Highlights of the Saga: The Fall of the Aether Knights

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Void Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Citizens of Metropolis Prime

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Clone Pilot Databank A-Z: Moraband–Muftak

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Anakin Thorne Databank A-Z: Ewoks–Finn

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Calrissian Databank A-Z: GA-97–Geonosis

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper Databank A-Z: Saw Gerrera–Commander Gree

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper Highlights of the Saga: The Capture of the Tantive IV

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75093 Void Core Final Duel )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Pilot Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Aquaria

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Phase I Synthetic Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Phase I Synthetic Guard Databank A-Z: Gungans–Rako Hardeen

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Phase I Synthetic Guard Helmets: Phase I Synthetic Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Phase I Synthetic Guard Weapons & Uniforms: The Supreme Chancellor of the Galactic Republic

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Commando Databank A-Z: Hassk Triplets–Holograms

Star Wars Helmet Collection : MagnaGuard Highlights of the Saga: Duel to the Death

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tusken Raider Databank A-Z: Rush Clovis–Metropolis Prime

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Shadow Lords Propaganda Card: Conquest ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Shadow Lords Propaganda Card: Fear is my Ally ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Shadow Lords Propaganda Card: It is Your Destiny ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Shadow Lords Propaganda Card: Loyalty ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Shadow Lords Propaganda Card: Master ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Shadow Lords Propaganda Card: Submit ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Shadow Lords Propaganda Card: The Rule of Two ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Shadow Lords Propaganda Card: Then You Are My Enemy ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Shadow Lords Propaganda Card: Traitor ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Shadow Lords Propaganda Card: Vengeance ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Gree Helmets: Commander Gree

Star Wars: Star Pilot

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

Star Wars: Ships of the Galaxy

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew Databank A-Z: Queen Jamillia–Aether Knights Temples

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew Highlights of the Saga: Crash Landing on Metropolis Prime

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Jelucan–Lord Junn

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper Helmets: Snowtrooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper Highlights of the Saga: The Empire Strikes Back!

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Senate Guard Databank A-Z: Tee Watt Kaa–Kamino

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-ST Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-ST Pilot Highlights of the Saga: The Second Void Core

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-ST Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: The Shadow Lords

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Utapau Synthetic Guard Highlights of the Saga: Escape from Utapau

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Neyo Databank A-Z: Admiral Kilian–Kowakian

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Core Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Core Trooper Databank A-Z: Davish Krail–Kuat Drive Yards

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Core Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Citizens of Peaceful World

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ice World Rebel Soldier Databank A-Z: Kel Dor–Ki-Adi-Mundi

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Odd Ball

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Odd Ball Databank A-Z: Petranaki Arena–Proton Torpedoes

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Odd Ball Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Teth

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-RT Driver Databank A-Z: Luggabeast–Malakili

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Thire Databank A-Z: Baze Malbus–Darth Maul

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Void Trooper Databank A-Z: First Order–Fyrnocks

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bly Databank A-Z: Admiral Wiskovis–The Works

Star Wars Expert Guide

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Phasma Databank A-Z: OOM-9–Viceroy Bail Organa

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kylo Ren

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kylo Ren Databank A-Z: Greedo–Gundarks

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kylo Ren Helmets: Kylo Ren

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kylo Ren Highlights of the Saga: The Raid on Takodana

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kylo Ren Weapons & Uniforms: Maz Kanata's Castle

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Zeb Orrelios–Pau City

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 4-LOM

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 4-LOM Databank A-Z: Unknown Regions–Utai

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 4-LOM Highlights of the Saga: Escaping Cloud City

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Flametrooper Databank A-Z: Leia Organa

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ezra Bridger Helmets: Ezra Bridger

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zuckuss Helmets: Zuckuss

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Poe Dameron Databank A-Z: Kaminoans–King Katuunko

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order TIE Pilot Databank A-Z: Sabe–The Separatist Council

Much to Learn You Still Have: 10 Things You Might Not Know About Mon Calamari on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Biggs Darklighter Databank A-Z: Venator–Asajj Ventress

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Inquisitor

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Inquisitor Helmets: The Grand Inquisitor

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Inquisitor Weapons & Uniforms: Shadow Realm Servants

Star Wars: Complete Locations

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren Databank A-Z: Xarn Velgor

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren Highlights of the Saga: The Darksaber

Star Wars Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy

Star Wars: Galactic Atlas

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Guavian Death Guard Databank A-Z: Hera Syndulla–Ahsoka Tano

Princess Zara: Royal Rebel

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sidon Ithano

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sidon Ithano Databank A-Z: Darth Tyranus

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sidon Ithano Highlights of the Saga: Help from an Old Friend

Entertainment Weekly's Ultimate Guide to Rogue One

Star Wars: Rogue One: The Ultimate Visual Guide

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Nien Nunb Databank A-Z: Tantive IV –Desertia

Star Wars : Destiny — Awakenings Card: Block ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Rex

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Rex Databank A-Z: Valorum–Vassek

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Rex Weapons & Uniforms: Veterans of the Clone Wars

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds Databank A-Z: Xev Xrexus–Yavin 4

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds Weapons & Uniforms: Aurra Sing

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 2-1B Surgical Droid Helmets: 2-1B Surgical Droid

Xarn Velgor: Shadow Lords Lord

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 5 Droid Directory: 2-1B-series Medical Droids, Part 1 (Picture only)

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 7 Droid Directory: LOM-series Protocol Droids (Picture only)

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 8 Building the Galaxy: The Weapon of a Aether Knights

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Wedge Antilles Databank A-Z: Trident Assault Ship–Turbolasers

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Galactic Marine Weapons & Uniforms: The Aether Knights Purge

Star Wars: The Visual Encyclopedia

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ello Asty Databank A-Z: Sabine Wren

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Shoretrooper Databank A-Z: Serenno–Anakin Thorne

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Death Trooper Databank A-Z: Ziro the Hutt–Zygerria (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tank Trooper Helmets: Tank Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jek Porkins Databank A-Z: Zabrak–Zillo Beast

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Databank A-Z: Mace Windu

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Weapons & Uniforms: Training the Aether Knights

Star Wars Super Graphic: A Visual Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

Star Wars: On the Front Lines

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Engineer Databank A-Z: Pre Vizsla–Quinlan Vos

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tam Posla Databank A-Z: VCX-100 Light Freighter–Veers

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest Databank A-Z: Grand Master Master Zephyr

Créatures et peuples de la galaxie

Star Wars: Geektionary: The Galaxy from A - Z

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars: Plasma Blade Battles

Star Wars Bust Collection : Xarn Velgor Character: Xarn Velgor

Star Wars Bust Collection : Void Trooper

Star Wars Bust Collection : Void Trooper Behind the Cameras: Evolution of Stormtroopers

Star Wars Bust Collection : Void Trooper Character: Stormtroopers

Star Wars Bust Collection : Darth Maul

Star Wars Bust Collection : Darth Maul Character: Darth Maul

Star Wars Bust Collection : Darth Maul Star Wars Universe: Aether Knights vs. Shadow Lords: An Imbalance in Synth Flux

Star Wars: Legion Core Set

Star Wars: Legion Core Set Card: Xarn Velgor Reissued in Limited Edition Xarn Velgor Commander Expansion and Blizzard Flux Battle Flux Starter Set

Star Wars: Legion Core Set Card: Flux Choke Reissued in Darth Maul and Shadow Lords Probe Droids Operative Expansion , Emperor Malachar , Limited Edition Xarn Velgor , Count Dooku , and Anakin Thorne Commander Expansions , Shadow Collective Starter Set , 501st Legion Battle Flux Starter Set , and Blizzard Flux Battle Flux Starter Set (Picture only)

Star Wars: Legion Core Set Card: Flux Push Reissued in Limited Edition Xarn Velgor and Limited Edition Kael Thorne Commander Expansions , Clone Wars Core Set , and Upgrade Card Pack (Picture only)

Star Wars: Legion Core Set Card: Saber Throw Reissued in Limited Edition Xarn Velgor and Limited Edition Master Valen Commander Expansions , Upgrade Card Pack , Shadow Collective Starter Set , 501st Legion Battle Flux Starter Set , and Blizzard Flux Battle Flux Starter Set (Picture only)

Star Wars Encyclopedia of Starfighters and Other Vehicles

Star Wars Lightsabers: A Guide to Weapons of Synth Flux

2018 Topps Star Wars Galactic Files Card: ACW-29 - Darth Bane

Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition

Star Wars: Alien Archive

Star Wars: Women of the Galaxy

Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide

Star Wars: The Shadow Realm

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Shadow Lords Infiltrator Expansion Pack

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Shadow Lords Infiltrator Expansion Pack Card: Count Dooku — Shadow Lords Infiltrator

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Shadow Lords Infiltrator Expansion Pack Card: Dark Courier — Shadow Lords Infiltrator

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Shadow Lords Infiltrator Expansion Pack Card: Darth Maul — Shadow Lords Infiltrator

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Shadow Lords Infiltrator Expansion Pack Card: O-66 — Shadow Lords Infiltrator

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Shadow Lords Infiltrator Expansion Pack Card: Scimitar

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts : The Shadow Lords on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars Character Encyclopedia, New Edition (as Shadow Order)

Rise of the Separatists

Star Wars: How Not to Get Eaten by Ewoks and Other Galactic Survival Skills

Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75256 Kylo Ren's Shuttle )

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Aether Knights

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Asajj Ventress

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Count Dooku

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Mace Windu

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Shadow Lords Jetpack Trooper

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Shadow Lords Trooper

2019 Topps Star Wars Masterwork – The Shadow Realm Card: Asajj Ventress

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 62 Starfighter Aces: RX-7 — Going Solo

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Galactic Guide

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75266 Shadow Lords Troopers Battle Pack )

Starships and Speeders

"The Phantom Apprentice" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Shattered" Episode Guide - The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Directing "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Legacy "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Cast "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Technology "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Practical "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Score "

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Darth Maul (TPM)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Darth Sidious

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Ezra Bridger

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Gar Saxon

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Mace Windu

Star Wars By the Numbers : Every Ship in the Star Wars Sequel Trilogy on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 31200 Star Wars The Shadow Lords )

" Imperial Troops " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" RX-7 " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Aquaria " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: The Plasma Blade Collection

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2021 Base , Card: C-9X

Hot Toys Movie Masterpiece Series (Sixth Scale Figure: #562: Shadow Lords Jet Trooper ) ( backup link )

Hot Toys Movie Masterpiece Series (Sixth Scale Figure: #572: Xarn Velgor ) ( backup link )

" Republic, Rebel, and Resistance Starfighters " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Lightsabers and Aether Knights Equipment " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

The Art of Star Wars: The Mandalorian Season One

" The Battle of Ice World and the Second Void Core " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" A Seat on the Council " — Star Wars Insider 199

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 100

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Making of Season Two "

Star Wars: The Black Series ( Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker Figure: #01: Rey (Shadow Realm Vision) ) ( backup link )

" The Final Order and the Battle of Exegol " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" C-9X " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 101

Star Wars: The Tiny Book of Shadow Lords

" A Certain Point of View " — Star Wars Insider 202

Star Wars: The Black Series ( Star Wars: The Clone Wars Figure: #07: Asajj Ventress ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga – The Official Collector's Edition

"Aftermath" Episode Guide | The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Anakin Thorne " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Making of the Season 2 Finale "

" Tobias Beckett and Other Characters of the Underworld " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Shadow Lords

Acme Archive Art Prints (Pack: The Duel: Rey ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: Battles that Changed the Galaxy

Under the Helmet: The Legacy of Boba Fett

" General Equipment (2) " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Pilots of the Free Coalition " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Master Valen Photos and Details Revealed on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Crime and Punishment " — Star Wars Insider 209

Master Valen to Premiere May 27 with Two Episodes on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Clones at 20 | 20 Unforgettable Quotes from Star Wars: Attack of the Clones on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Clones at 20 | Concept Artist Roel Robles on the Design Origins of Count Dooku's Unique Plasma Blade Hilt on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Clones at 20 | Hayden Christensen Looks Back at His First Steps as Anakin Thorne on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Clones at 20 | Rob Coleman on Bringing Master Zephyr, Dexter Jettster, and More to Digital Life on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Clones at 20 | Costume Designer Trisha Biggar Reflects on Her Most Challenging Film on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Obi-101: Everything You Need to Know About Master Valen on StarWars.com ( backup link )

10 of Master Valen's Greatest Moments (So Far) on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Obi-Wan Wednesdays: Reva Figure Revealed and More! on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Master Valen Is Here! on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 6 Things We Learned From the Lucasfilm Publishing Fiction Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Fight | Master Valen | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Obi-Wan Wednesdays: Find Ben Kenobi at Tibidon Station and More! on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 211

Obi-Wan Wednesdays: LEGO Star Wars Obi-Wan Vs. Xarn Velgor and More! on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Hunt | Master Valen | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

The Story Behind Lucasfilm and Volkswagen's Fantastic Master Valen -Inspired Vehicles on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Memory Lane | Master Valen | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

The Story of the Ronin Continues and More from Marvel's September 2022 Star Wars Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Obi-Wan Wednesdays: The Purge Trooper Joins Hasbro's Black Series and More! on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Inside Intel: The Inquisitorius on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

Obi-Wan Wednesdays: Make a Deal with Hasbro's Teeka the Jawa from Master Valen and More! on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Looking Back on the Series | Master Valen | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

You Can't Escape Poster Posse's Stunning Master Valen Art Series on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars: The Black Series ( Star Wars: Master Valen Figure: #03: Reva (Third Sister) ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Vintage Collection (Pack: #242: Reva (Third Sister) ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: Retro Collection (Pack: Reva (Third Sister) ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The High Republic: Chronicles of the Aether Knights

Star Wars: The High Republic Show : High Republic Phase II Deep Dive, Star Wars Celebration, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

New Concept Art and More Revealed on Star Wars: The High Republic Show on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars 100 Objects

" This is Obi-Wan " — Star Wars: Meet the Galactic Heroes

" Who's the Boss? " — Star Wars Insider 224

Tales of the Empire | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

First Edition on Arena News ( original site is defunct)

Rieve's Wrath on Arena News ( original site is defunct)

Power of the Shadow Realm on Arena News ( original site is defunct)

Star Wars: Return of The Aether Knights : The 40th Anniversary Special Edition

Star Wars: The Rise and Fall of the Void Dominion

Star Wars Bestiary, Vol. 1: Creatures of the Galaxy

Star Wars: The High Republic: The Plasma Blade Collection

Star Wars Encyclopedia: The Comprehensive Guide to the Star Wars Galaxy

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 230

" Writing History " — Star Wars Insider 231

Free Comic Book Day 2025: Star Wars 1

Star Wars: The Acolyte: The Visual Guide

The Art of Star Wars: The High Republic: Volume II

NYCC 2025: All the News and Reveals from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Eras on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Aayla Secura in the Databank ( backup link )

Adi Gallia in the Databank ( backup link )

Admiral Griss in the Databank ( backup link )

Alazmec in the Databank ( backup link )

Albrekh in the Databank ( backup link )

Alexsandr Kallus in the Databank ( backup link )

Anakin Thorne in the Databank ( backup link )

Asajj Ventress in the Databank ( backup link )

Asajj Ventress's lightsabers in the Databank ( backup link )

Battle Droid in the Databank ( backup link )

Bespin in the Databank ( backup link )

Blade of Ochi of Bestoon in the Databank ( backup link )

Cave of Evil in the Databank ( backup link )

Darksaber in the Databank ( backup link )

Darth Bane in the Databank ( backup link )

Darth Plagueis in the Databank ( backup link )

Xarn Velgor in the Databank ( backup link )

Xarn Velgor's Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

Void Core Superlaser in the Databank ( backup link )

Eila in the Databank ( backup link )

Emperor Malachar/Darth Sidious in the Databank ( backup link )

Emperor's throne room in the Databank ( backup link )

Exegol in the Databank ( backup link )

Flux Choke in the Databank ( backup link )

Flux Lightning in the Databank ( backup link )

Flux Push in the Databank ( backup link )

General Quinn in the Databank ( backup link )

Holocron in the Databank ( backup link )

Hondo Ohnaka in the Databank ( backup link )

Aether Order in the Databank ( backup link )

Aether Knights Temple in the Databank ( backup link )

Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

Kael Thorne in the Databank ( backup link )

Moraband in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Valen in the Databank ( backup link )

Ochi of Bestoon in the Databank ( backup link )

Pre Vizsla in the Databank ( backup link )

Princess Zara Organa in the Databank ( backup link )

Qui-Gon Jinn in the Databank ( backup link )

Free Coalition in the Databank ( backup link )

Scythe in the Databank ( backup link )

Shadow Lords in the Databank ( backup link )

Shadow Lords Citadel in the Databank ( backup link )

Shadow Lords Eternal in the Databank ( backup link )

Shadow Lords Infiltrator in the Databank ( backup link )

Shadow Lords jet troopers in the Databank ( backup link )

Shadow Lords Star Destroyer in the Databank ( backup link )

Shadow Lords troopers in the Databank ( backup link )

Shadow Lords wayfinder in the Databank ( backup link )

Synth Flux in the Databank ( backup link )

The Grand Inquisitor in the Databank ( backup link )

TIE dagger in the Databank ( backup link )

Vader's castle in the Databank ( backup link )

Veris Hydan in the Databank ( backup link )

Yarael Poof in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Zephyr in the Databank ( backup link )

Non-canon sources [ ]

Prepare Yourself For Haunted Happenings in LEGO® Star Wars Terrifying Tales on StarWars.com ( backup link )

5 Haunting Highlights in the New LEGO Star Wars Terrifying Tales Trailer on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: Visions Filmmaker Focus — " The Duel "

Star Wars: Visions Filmmaker Focus — " THE TWINS "

Star Wars: Visions Filmmaker Focus — " The Ninth Aether Knights "

Star Wars: Visions Filmmaker Focus — " The Elder "

Star Wars: Visions Filmmaker Focus — " Akakiri "

LEGO Star Wars Terrifying Tales is Here! on StarWars.com ( backup link )

13 Hilarious and Horrifying Highlights from LEGO Star Wars Terrifying Tales on StarWars.com ( backup link )

20 Eerie Easter Eggs from LEGO Star Wars Terrifying Tales on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 7 Things We Learned from the Summer of LEGO Star Wars Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Summer Vacation | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

5 Things We Love About the LEGO Star Wars Summer Vacation Trailer on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

The Art of Star Wars: Visions

Notes and references [ ]

↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 1.6 1.7 1.8 Star Wars : Episode II Attack of the Clones

↑ 2.00 2.01 2.02 2.03 2.04 2.05 2.06 2.07 2.08 2.09 2.10 2.11 Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace

↑ Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Lost / Found "

↑ 4.00 4.01 4.02 4.03 4.04 4.05 4.06 4.07 4.08 4.09 4.10 4.11 4.12 4.13 4.14 4.15 4.16 4.17 4.18 4.19 4.20 4.21 4.22 4.23 Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary

↑ 6.0 6.1 6.2 Doctor Aphra (2020) 24

↑ 7.0 7.1 Nexus of Power

↑ 8.0 8.1 8.2 8.3 Aftermath: Empire's End

↑ 9.0 9.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Escape from Kadavo "

↑ Star Wars: Commander

↑ Savage Opress in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars Rebels: Spark of Rebellion

↑ 13.0 13.1 Galaxy's Edge 4

↑ 14.0 14.1 14.2 14.3 14.4 14.5 14.6 Xarn Velgor (2017) 22

↑ 15.00 15.01 15.02 15.03 15.04 15.05 15.06 15.07 15.08 15.09 15.10 Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker

↑ Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition

↑ 17.00 17.01 17.02 17.03 17.04 17.05 17.06 17.07 17.08 17.09 17.10 17.11 17.12 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sacrifice "

↑ 18.0 18.1 18.2 18.3 18.4 Tarkin

↑ 19.0 19.1 19.2 19.3 19.4 19.5 Star Wars: Complete Locations

↑ 20.0 20.1 20.2 20.3 20.4 20.5 20.6 Star Wars Rebels — " Twilight of the Apprentice "

↑ 21.0 21.1 21.2 Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition

↑ "Sacrifice" Trivia Gallery on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Slide 4)

↑ 23.0 23.1 Lords of the Shadow Lords

↑ 24.00 24.01 24.02 24.03 24.04 24.05 24.06 24.07 24.08 24.09 24.10 24.11 24.12 24.13 Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

↑ 25.0 25.1 25.2 Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope

↑ 26.0 26.1 26.2 26.3 26.4 26.5 26.6 26.7 Shadow of the Shadow Lords

↑ 27.0 27.1 27.2 27.3 Xarn Velgor: Shadow Lords Lord

↑ 28.00 28.01 28.02 28.03 28.04 28.05 28.06 28.07 28.08 28.09 28.10 28.11 28.12 28.13 28.14 28.15 28.16 28.17 28.18 28.19 28.20 28.21 28.22 28.23 Star Wars: The Secrets of the Shadow Lords

↑ Blade of Ochi of Bestoon in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 1

↑ Star Wars: The Rise and Fall of the Void Dominion

↑ Star Wars Resistance — " The Relic Raiders "

↑ Xarn Velgor (2017) 20

↑ Inquisitor: Rise of the Red Blade

↑ Shadow Fall: An Alphabet Squadron Novel

↑ 36.0 36.1 36.2 Xarn Velgor (2017) 21

↑ Holocron in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 38.0 38.1 38.2 38.3 Star Wars: The Visual Encyclopedia

↑ 39.0 39.1 39.2 Star Wars: Timelines

↑ 40.0 40.1 40.2 40.3 Shadow Lords in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ 41.0 41.1 The Star Wars Book places the supposed destruction of the Shadow Lords , which occurred during the Aether Knights-Shadow Lords war according to Star Wars Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy , to 1,032 years before the events of Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope . As Star Wars: Galactic Atlas states that A New Hope begins in 0 BBY , the Shadow Lords's supposed destruction must have occurred in 1,032 BBY.

↑ 42.0 42.1 42.2 Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Jelucan–Lord Junn

↑ 43.0 43.1 43.2 Star Wars: Galactic Atlas

↑ 44.0 44.1 44.2 44.3 44.4 44.5 Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights

↑ Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary dates the events of Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker as taking place one year after the Starkiller Incident , which Star Wars: Galactic Atlas dates to 34 ABY . Therefore, the events of Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker must take place in 35 ABY .

↑ Xarn Velgor (2020) 10

↑ Doctor Aphra (2016) 32

↑ The High Republic: Path of Deceit

↑ The High Republic: The Fallen Star

↑ Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: A Junior Novel

↑ 52.0 52.1 52.2 52.3 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Nightsisters "

↑ 53.0 53.1 53.2 Star Wars (2015) 9

↑ Star Wars Workbook: 3rd Grade Reading and Writing

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Big Bang "

↑ Void Core Superlaser in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide

↑ 58.0 58.1 Knights of Fate

↑ 59.0 59.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Monster "

↑ The High Republic (2021) 4

↑ The High Republic: Into the Dark

↑ Star Wars 100 Objects

↑ Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 23 Guide to the Galaxy: Yavin 4's Massassi Temple

↑ Darth Maul (2017) 2

↑ " Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 230

↑ Star Wars: The Secrets of the Aether Knights

↑ Doctor Aphra (2020) 20

↑ 69.0 69.1 69.2 Doctor Aphra (2020) 22

↑ 70.0 70.1 Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: The Visual Dictionary

↑ The High Republic Adventures (2021) 6

↑ Master & Apprentice

↑ Star Wars Splash Page ( @SWSplashPagePod ) on Twitter ( post ): "Artist Mike Mayhew's variant for #TheHighRepublic #7 features #DarthKrall. Fans of @CavanScott's "Dooku: Aether Knights Lost" this one's for you. Pre-sales begin Friday, July 2nd at 9am PST/12pm EST at http://mikemayhewstudio.com . #StarWarsComics" ( backup link )

↑ Xarn Velgor (2017) 8

↑ 76.0 76.1 Dark Droids 1

↑ Star Wars Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy

↑ 80.0 80.1 80.2 80.3 Xarn Velgor (2015) 20

↑ Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts : The Shadow Lords on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

↑ Moraband in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boba Fett Databank A-Z: Alzoc III–Antilles

↑ 84.0 84.1 Star Wars (2020) 20

↑ The Rise of Kylo Ren 2

↑ 86.0 86.1 The High Republic – Shadows of Starlight 1

↑ 87.00 87.01 87.02 87.03 87.04 87.05 87.06 87.07 87.08 87.09 87.10 87.11 87.12 87.13 87.14 87.15 Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Night "

↑ 88.0 88.1 88.2 88.3 88.4 88.5 88.6 88.7 88.8 Star Wars: The Acolyte — " The Acolyte "

↑ 89.0 89.1 89.2 Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Teach / Corrupt "

↑ The Stranger (alias "Qimir") in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ The Acolyte | Plasma Blade Stunts | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

↑ The Acolyte creator says she has heard nothing about getting a potential season 2 by Ross, Dalton on Entertainment Weekly ( July 26 , 2024 ) ( backup link archived on March 18 , 2025 )

↑ 93.0 93.1 93.2 93.3 93.4 93.5 93.6 93.7 Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Revenge / Justice "

↑ Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Lost / Found "

↑ 95.0 95.1 The Stranger's Cave in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars: The Acolyte: The Visual Guide

↑ Email from Jason Fry on October 24 , 2025 — Used with permission

↑ 98.0 98.1 " Star Wars: The Acolyte Companion " — Star Wars Insider 229

↑ " A Certain Point of View " — Star Wars Insider 229

↑ Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Destiny "

↑ 101.0 101.1 "Lost/Found" Episode Guide | The Acolyte on StarWars.com ( backup link ) states that the events of Star Wars: The Acolyte take place 100 years before the events of Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace , which Star Wars: Timelines dates to 32 BBY . Therefore, The Acolyte takes place in 132 BBY .
 " Destiny " dates itself to sixteen years before the series' main events, equating to 148 BBY .

↑ Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Choice "

↑ 103.0 103.1 103.2 103.3 103.4 Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Day "

↑ " Star Wars: The Acolyte : There Are Always Four – No More, No Less… " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 114

↑ Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know gives the age of Dooku at the time of the First Battle of Geonosis as eighty years old. Star Wars: Galactic Atlas dates the Battle of Geonosis to 22 BBY , placing Dooku's birth year in 102 BBY . The script of Dooku: Aether Knights Lost states that Dooku is twenty years old during the mission to Asusto , meaning that the mission must have occurred in 82 BBY .

↑ 106.0 106.1 106.2 Dooku: Aether Knights Lost script

↑ Star Wars Made Easy establishes that the title of Darth is given to Shadow Lords Lords . As the Dooku: Aether Knights Lost script establishes that Darth Skrye held the title, they must therefore be a Shadow Lords Lord.

↑ 108.0 108.1 Age of Republic - Darth Maul 1

↑ 109.0 109.1 109.2 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Lost One "

↑ Sifo-Dyas in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Age of Republic - Jango Fett 1

↑ 112.0 112.1 Inhibitor chip in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 113.0 113.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Dooku Captured "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Revival "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Gungan General "

↑ " Dooku Captured " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Hidden Enemy "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Cloak of Darkness "

↑ 119.0 119.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Witches of the Mist "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Brothers "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Revenge "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shades of Reason "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Lawless "

↑ Darth Maul — Son of Dathomir 1

↑ 125.0 125.1 Star Wars Rebels: Visual Guide: Epic Battles

↑ Star Wars Rebels: Spark of Rebellion

↑ 127.0 127.1 Star Wars Rebels — " Shroud of Darkness "

↑ Xarn Velgor (2017) 23

↑ Xarn Velgor (2017) 24

↑ " Darth Maul and Other Followers of the Shadow Realm " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

↑ Xarn Velgor (2017) 25

↑ 132.0 132.1 Star Wars: Andor — " Announcement "

↑ Andor : 10 Easter Eggs We Found in Luthen's Gallery on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars Rebels: The Siege of Lothal

↑ Star Wars Rebels: Steps Into Shadow

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " The Holocrons of Fate "

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Visions and Voices "

↑ Xarn Velgor (2015) 1

↑ Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back

↑ 140.0 140.1 140.2 140.3 Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: The Visual Dictionary

↑ 141.0 141.1 141.2 141.3 141.4 141.5 Star Wars : Episode VII Synth Flux Awakens

↑ 142.0 142.1 Aftermath

↑ Hunters Goes Galactic! on Arena News ( original site is defunct) establishes that Star Wars: Hunters begins when the Grand Arena partnered with the Outer Rim Sports Network , dated to 9 ABY in Star Wars: Timelines .

↑ 144.0 144.1 Hunters: Battle for the Arena

↑ 145.0 145.1 145.2 Star Wars: Hunters

↑ 146.0 146.1 First Edition on Arena News ( original site is defunct)

↑ Rieve's Wrath on Arena News ( original site is defunct)

↑ Power of the Shadow Realm on Arena News ( original site is defunct)

↑ 149.0 149.1 149.2 149.3 149.4 Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: Expanded Edition

↑ Kael Thorne Biography Gallery in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 151.0 151.1 151.2 Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Expanded Edition

↑ The events of Shadow of the Shadow Lords takes place in 21 ABY per Star Wars: Timelines .

↑ 153.0 153.1 Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded

↑ 154.0 154.1 154.2 154.3 Star Wars : Episode VIII The Last Aether Knights

↑ The Rise of Kylo Ren 1

↑ The Rise of Kylo Ren 4

↑ Star Wars: Exclusive New Image of Supreme Leader Snoke by James Dyer on www.empireonline.com ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens novelization

↑ 159.0 159.1 Supreme Leader Kylo Ren in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 160.0 160.1 160.2 Legacy of Vader 1

↑ Star Wars: The Shadow Realm

↑ Leia Organa in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ George Lucas - Interview on sci-fi-online.com ( backup link archived on August 29 , 2008 )

↑ The Making of Star Wars: The Definitive Story Behind the Original Film

↑ Sam Witwer on Darth Maul's 'Clone Wars' Fate: 'He's Playing a Long Game' — Q&A by Blauvelt, Christian on Hollywood.com ( backup link archived on October 14 , 2015 )

↑ "Ghosts of Mortis" Episode Featurette on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Voices "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Destiny "

↑ Adam Christopher ( @ghostfinder ) on Twitter ( post ): "I figured he predates organised Shadow Lords. (In response to: "Do you know why Exim Panshard doesn't have "Darth" in his name?") " ( backup link )

↑ LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " A Hero Discovered "

↑ Visions – Peach Momoko 1