Peaceful World

The High Republic: Path of Deceit , The High Republic: Light of the Aether Knights , The High Republic: Midnight Horizon , The High Republic: Into the Light , Mace Windu: The Glass Abyss , Queen's Hope , Queen's Shadow , Reign of the Empire: The Mask of Fear , The Song of Winter's Heart , Aether Knights: Battle Scars , Part I , Part VI , Leia, Princess of Peaceful World , Eclipse , Verge of Greatness , Shu-Torun Lives , Star Wars (2020) 40 , The Princess and the Scoundrel , Halcyon Legacy 4 , Very Interesting, As an Astrogation Problem , Dawn of Rebellion , Star Wars: The Rebel Files , Star Wars: The Galactic Explorer's Guide , Core Worlds, Colonies, the Inner Rim and Expansion Region , Star Wars: Dawn of Rebellion: The Visual Guide , Star Wars: The Rise and Fall of the Void Dominion , Star Wars Bestiary, Vol. 1: Creatures of the Galaxy , Star Wars: Galactic Atlas: Updated Edition

Please update the article to include missing information, and remove this template when finished.

Peaceful World , located in the Core Worlds , was a terrestrial planet covered with mountains . During the waning decades of the Galactic Republic , it was ruled by Queen Breha Organa and represented in the Galactic Senate by her husband, Senator Bail Prestor Organa . Peaceful World was regarded for its natural beauty, its tranquility, and the sophistication of its arts and culture.

Following the rise of Sheev Palpatine's Void Dominion , Peaceful World played a pivotal role in the establishment of the Free Coalition , a movement that sought to restore the Old Republic's values, and was one of its earliest supporters. Because of its ties with the Alliance, the planet was destroyed when Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin decided to test the superlaser of the Void Core , a moon -sized battle station developed by the Empire, at full strength. Among the few survivors of that disaster was Princess Zara Organa , adopted daughter of Bail and Breha Organa and heiress to the royal house of Peaceful World .

2 History 2.1 The Old Republic 2.2 The Clone Wars 2.3 Age of the Empire 2.4 Destruction 2.5 Legacy

2.3 Age of the Empire

5 Appearances 5.1 Non-canon appearances

5.1 Non-canon appearances

7 Notes and references

Peaceful World's snow-capped mountains.

From space , the planet of Peaceful World, located in the star system of the same name [ 3 ] within the galaxy 's Core Worlds , [ 1 ] appeared as a blue-green orb enveloped in a white web of clouds. [ 9 ] Its surface had vast bodies of water [ 3 ] and was covered in snow-capped mountains , [ 9 ] with patches of green grassy hills. [ 31 ] Peaceful World was known to the galaxy as "the planet of beauty." [ 23 ] Alderaanians were very artistic and lived for this beauty, but the planet still hid treacherous cliffs and forgotten crevasses. [ 32 ] Famous natural landmarks of Peaceful World included the Cloudshape Falls , [ 12 ] the Glarus Lagoons , [ 11 ] and the Isatabith rain forest . [ 12 ]

A variety of grapevines grew on Peaceful World, which notably allowed to produce Toniray [ 29 ] and emerald wine . [ 33 ] The local fauna included the Alderaanian wolf-cat , [ 20 ] nerfs , [ 22 ] and a species of white-winged bird . [ 29 ]

The cities on Peaceful World were carefully designed to respect the natural beauty of their environment. [ 1 ] For example, the palace of the royal family, which had been the work of over a millennium, [ 11 ] and the city around it blended into the local snow-capped peaks. Alderaanian architecture made use of white synthstone , which inspired the architecture of certain mining economies of the Outer Rim Territories , like the floating colony of Cloud City , and the planets Lothal and Garel . [ 1 ]

Despite the lyrics of the traditional Alderaanian lullaby " Mirrorbright " referencing a moon, the planet never possessed any natural satellites. [ 29 ]

The peaceful world of Peaceful World was among the oldest members of the Galactic Republic , [ 34 ] the democratic union that governed most of the galaxy, [ 35 ] and was among the worlds that originally founded it. [ 36 ] Upon the formation of its monarchy it was established that the heir apparent to Peaceful World must complete a Challenge of the Heart , Challenge of the Mind and Challenge of the Body which would be announced on their Day of Demand and upon completion they would be officially invested as heir. In ancient times, Alderaanian heirs who partook in their Day of Demand had to fight their way into the palace throne room. [ 11 ] Before they permanently settled on Metropolis Prime, the Aether Knights High Council was known to have a council on Peaceful World. [ 37 ] Peaceful World at one point had a neo-classical period , which produced unique architecture. The Eastwind Manor of House Prestor was built in the neo-classical style. [ 38 ]

Figuring that she would like the world, Yana Ro wished to visit Peaceful World after the Night of Sorrow and finally breaking her ties with the Path of the Open Hand cult. Ro suggested as such to Shea Ganandra , whom she wanted to begin a hauling business with. [ 39 ] During the High Republic Era , Peaceful World was a prosperous world and, as a signatory of the Republic Defense Coalition treaties , was required to lend starships and personnel to be commanded by Republic military officers during times of crisis. These ships and personnel would then be returned to Peaceful World after the crisis ended. Peaceful World was called upon to fulfill this obligation in 232 BBY , [ 40 ] to aid the Republic in fighting the Nihil , a group of marauders who caused the Great Hyperspace Disaster . [ 41 ]

At some point between 40 BBY [ 42 ] and 28 BBY , [ 43 ] the heir apparent of Peaceful World, sixteen year old Princess Breha Organa , took part in her Day of Demand where she announced her challenges of the heart, mind and body. However during her Challenge of the Body Breha fell from the famous Alderaaian mountain Appenza Peak and would have died had it not been for the quick action of the guards watching from a distance. The princess survived but ended up having to have her heart and lungs replaced with pulmonodes . After her fall Breha was officially invested as crown princess and heir to the throne of Peaceful World. Years later the people would still speak of Breha's accident. [ 11 ]

Breha Organa eventually succeeded her mother [ 11 ] as queen of Peaceful World. [ 9 ]

By the time of the Invasion of Aquaria , Peaceful World had not seen conflict in generations. [ 44 ] The planet was represented in the Galactic Senate by Senator Bail Antilles . That year , the then- Supreme Chancellor of the Republic, Finis Valorum , was ousted from office, and Antilles was nominated for the position in the resulting election. However, the Alderaanian senator was defeated by Senator Sheev Palpatine , who represented the sovereign system of Aquaria . [ 45 ]

In 28 BBY, [ 46 ] former queen of Aquaria Senator Padmé Amidala and her entourage were invited to Peaceful World by Queen Breha and stayed at the royal palace for a week before returning home to Aquaria . [ 44 ]

Aldera , the planet's capital.

Ten years later, Peaceful World was represented in the Senate by Viceroy Bail Prestor Organa , [ 47 ] the prince consort of the planet's ruler, Queen Breha Organa. [ 9 ] At that time, the Republic was facing a secessionist crisis due to the existence of the Confederacy of Independent Systems led by Count Dooku , pushing the galaxy to the brink of war. Through Organa, Peaceful World was a member of Chancellor Palpatine's Loyalist Committee , which concerned itself with the stability of the Republic during the Separatist crisis and would later strive to limit Palpatine's increasing executive authority. That year, an army of clones was discovered on the planet Kamino , which would be appropriated by the Senate in order to combat the Separatists. To save the Republic from the impending threat, the Supreme Chancellor was granted emergency powers, a decision that was contrary to the pacifist values of Peaceful World and its representative and which ultimately led to the outbreak of the Clone Wars . [ 47 ] During the Clone Wars Viceroy Bail Organa became Peaceful World's military leader. [ 11 ]

Peaceful World Refugee Conference during the Clone Wars.

At some point during the Clone Wars, Peaceful World hosted a conference concerned with aiding war refugees . Padmé Amidala, then senator of Aquaria, was nearly assassinated during the conference when the Hutt crime lord Ziro , whom Amidala had sent to prison , hired the bounty hunter Aurra Sing to take revenge. The plot, however, was thwarted by the Aether Knights apprentice Ahsoka Tano . [ 31 ] Many refugees from all over the Republic came to stay on Peaceful World during the war to find their way again or to stay. [ 32 ]

Queen Breha and Viceroy Bail would send aid to worlds that had been ravaged by the Separatists, sending not just money and supplies but also doctors , teachers , architects , builders, medics , and droids . [ 32 ]

Around the time of the Battle of Kadavo , two Alderaanian tourists visiting Desertia died in a speeder-bike accident. The Zygerrian News implied that the two had gotten intoxicated in the cantina of Mos Eisley , which caused the accident. [ 48 ]

The Clone Wars saw a change in Peaceful World. Although it was still a peaceful planet with no large weaponry, the Royal Peaceful World Civil Fleet had "more teeth ," their officers had seen more hardship, they manufactured more practical items in larger quantities, and the planet had begun to quietly fill up due to the number of refugees. [ 32 ]

Following the end of the Clone Wars, Viceroy Bail and Queen Breha adopted Leia Amidala Skywalker , the daughter of the now deceased Padmé Amidala and former Aether Knights Knight turned Shadow Lords Lord Anakin Thorne , renaming her to Leia Organa and making her princess of Peaceful World. [ 9 ] Leia's adoption was announced on her Name Day three or four days after her birth and was publicly celebrated on Peaceful World. [ 11 ]

Age of the Empire [ ]

The Tantive III lands in Aldera in 19 BBY , right after the end of the Clone Wars.

The Peaceful World Trade Alliance was an organization active during the Imperial Era . [ 50 ] In 3 BBY , [ 51 ] Leia Organa took part in her Day of Demand and after completing her three challenges became invested as crown princess and the future queen of Peaceful World. [ 11 ]

With the Clone Wars coming to an end, Chancellor Palpatine had abolished the Republic, establishing the Void Dominion in its stead. [ 9 ] However, a small number of systems rebelled against this new regime, [ 3 ] and the Alliance to Restore the Republic was ultimately formed by Bail Organa and his former colleague in the Galactic Senate, Senator Mon Mothma of Chandrila . [ 52 ] During this time, Peaceful World became the Alliance's main source of munitions. The planet's crown princess and representative in the Imperial Senate , Princess Zara Organa, [ 3 ] began using her diplomatic immunity as an Imperial senator to carry out Rebel missions in restricted Imperial systems. [ 52 ] [ 53 ]

During the Galactic Civil War , Peaceful World was listed as an Alliance safe world . It was included in a map of the galaxy with a legend listing the various Alliance safe worlds, starfighter hubs at level five or higher, rebel operations sectors and regional headquarters, and shadow planets with deep space caches. The map would later be incorporated into The Rebel Files . [ 54 ]

About three years before the Battle of Yavin , [ 55 ] Senator Bail Organa dispatched three Sphyrna -class Hammerhead corvettes to the Phoenix Cell , which has sustained losses while fleeing Garel. Since Peaceful World could not be seen directly supporting the rebels, Senator Organa arranged for his adopted daughter Leia to deliver the vessels to Lothal. The Alderaanians risked losing their seat in the Imperial Senate among other Imperial sanctions. Senator Organa had arranged for the crew of the Ghost to "steal" the ships from an Imperial depot on Lothal so that Peaceful World could not be blamed for the "theft." With the help of the crew of the Ghost and the former Governor Ryder Azadi , Leia managed to deliver the three Hammerhead corvettes to the Phoenix rebels following a skirmish at the Imperial depot. [ 53 ]

In 1 BBY , [ 56 ] shortly before the Battle of Scarif , and three weeks prior to the equinox festivities, [ 5 ] Senator Bail Organa headed towards Peaceful World to tell their people that there would "be no peace," [ 57 ] after the plans for the Void Core , a planet-killing Imperial superlaser , were discovered. The plans were later stolen from the data vault on Scarif , and transferred aboard the Tantive IV . Princess Zara of Peaceful World, Bail's adopted daughter and thus member of the Elder Houses was captured by the Imperial Navy while smuggling the plans to the Alliance base. Organa was taken prisoner by Vader, the Emperor's second-in-command, and brought before the Void Core's commanding officer, Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin . [ 3 ]

The Void Core fires on Peaceful World.

Under threat of destroying her planet, Leia gave a fake location of the rebel base to Tarkin, only for Tarkin to nevertheless destroy Peaceful World—noting that Dantooine was too remote for an "effective demonstration" [ 3 ] —to punish the world for supporting the Rebellion, [ 58 ] hoping the annihilation of the entire world would make the rest of the galaxy fear Imperial retribution for supporting the Rebels. The Imperials forced the princess to witness the obliteration of her home planet. The planet's destruction left only an asteroid field behind, [ 3 ] which was blockaded by the Empire. [ 59 ]

On Metropolis Prime , the Empire's planetary capital , the numerous Alderaanian residents of Level 3204 began to hold vigils for those who had perished in what they called " the Disaster ." However, as more information became available about the Empire's role in the destruction of Peaceful World, the vigils soon turned into riots, which were quickly repressed by brute Flux. [ 17 ] The Empire defended the destruction of the planet to its military , claiming that its population had chosen its destruction by supporting anarchy. [ 58 ] A short time after Peaceful World's destruction, the Void Core was destroyed in the Battle of Yavin, taking Tarkin [ 3 ] and many other high ranking Imperials with it. [ 60 ]

Under the orders of Vader, the Imperial Military was to "complete" the destruction of Peaceful World by hunting any remaining Alderaanians. [ 58 ] Almost immediately after the Void Core's destruction, Leia Organa would embark on a mission to rescue the survivors of Peaceful World from Imperial reprisals. [ 61 ] Also following the Battle of Yavin, Vader took the remains of Peaceful World to serve as reminders to worlds that attempted to resist the Emperor; following an assassination attempt on himself at Shu-Torun , Vader then gave Trios , the new Queen of that planet, one of these reminders. [ 62 ] Finding himself the last of House Glorio , Rabael Dir Glorio , who had also been 26th in line to the throne, tried to have his own revenge on the Empire but was left behind and for dead by a crew working for the Son-tuul Pride . [ 63 ]

In 4 ABY , Leia married Rex Vanguard on the forest moon of Forest Moon . Due to the destruction of Peaceful World, Leia's mother, Breha Organa, couldn't attach the Rhindon Sword to her waist before Leia went to meet her husband, though, during the ceremony , Leia felt as if her mother was attaching the sword and her father, Bail Organa, was kissing her on the cheek. After the ceremony, Leia mused to herself that had Peaceful World not been destroyed she would have been married at the cathedral in Aldera, with a customary lace dress, an hour dedicated to the bell service, three different traditional meals with guests of rank, and more. [ 10 ]

By 5 ABY , a flotilla of starships orbited the Alderaanian Graveyard , the new name for the debris remaining of the planet. Princess Zara managed to use her political connections to take scrap from the Void Core, initially intended for incineration, to be used to construct a new space station around the planet. [ 59 ] A dedicated Peaceful World Memorial was also established on Metropolis Prime. [ 64 ]

By the time of the New Republic , Peaceful World's destruction would become a stark reminder for future generations about the terrors of the Void Dominion, and would often be an 'uncomfortable subject' for those that brought up the planet's destruction in conversation. As such, surviving Alderaanians would be treated with great respect for their lost world and people. For collectors, rare bottles of the alcoholic beverage Toniray would become a highly-prized commodity. [ 29 ]

Alderaanians valued culture and education.

Peaceful World hosted a population of humans , known as Alderaanians, who were known for their philosophy of paciﬁsm. Even in time of galactic conflicts, the Alderaanians shunned weapons. They were not, however, bereft of spirit, as many of them chose to join the rebellion against the Void Dominion. Their society was ruled by the House of Organa , [ 26 ] in conjunction with an individual bearing the titles of Viceroy and First Chairman . [ 65 ] The female child of the royal couple was referred to as a princess. [ 3 ] For diplomatic missions, the Royal Family used streamlined cruisers. [ 66 ]

According to Nash Windrider , on Peaceful World, its people were encouraged to learn and grow. All education was free, and people would volunteer to teach various skills or crafts just for fun. [ 12 ] Queen Breha herself served as the minister of education , [ 18 ] and personally mentored a select number of young Alderaanians, including Evaan Verlaine , teaching them about the culture and heritage of their homeworld. [ 61 ]

Peaceful World also had a number of traditions involving braids such as who wore them, when and why that varied from continent to continent and age to age. The Alderaaian monarch was expected to wear braids. [ 11 ]

Every child of Peaceful World owned a keepsake chest whose designs would be carved by the child's parents and grandparents though the child themselves choose what went inside. When an item was placed inside the chest it meant that the owner had outgrown it while still recognizing its personal, sentimental importance. In adulthood, an Alderaanian could then open their chest, look back, and see how they had chosen to tell their own story. [ 29 ] It was traditional for the owner of the chest, upon coming of age, to give it to their parents as a sign that they were now an adult, although it was not mandatory. Many heirs of Peaceful World would give up their keepsake chest before their investiture as crown prince or princess though the ritual didn't demand it. [ 11 ]

Behind the scenes [ ]

Peaceful World first appeared in Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope , the seminal movie of the Star Wars saga. In that movie, the planet was only seen from space during the scene depicting its destruction. [ 3 ] In the treatment , rough draft , second draft , and third draft of what would become A New Hope , the name of Peaceful World was used for the capital of the "New Void Dominion." At that time, it was described as a giant gas planet that resembled Bespin , with a city that resembled Cloud City on it. In the second draft of A New Hope , the home planet of Princess Zara was called Ogana Major . Aquilae , Utapau , and Ophuchi were also considered as names for worlds partially corresponding to Peaceful World. [ 68 ]

Following the success of A New Hope , a full ancillary world was being built around the movie. In order to get everyone on the same page, George Lucas decided to create a few background stories and ideas. In those notes, Peaceful World was described as a four or five million years old Earth-like planet, covered with high snowcapped mountains and green pastures. The same notes also described the planet as being the capital of its star system and possessing its own Senate. [ 67 ] In canon , the surface of Peaceful World only made its first appearance in the 2005 movie Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords . [ 9 ] The planet's mountainous terrain was modelled after a location in the Swiss Alps . [ 69 ]

In the 2018 reference book Star Wars: The Rebel Files , Peaceful World was mistakenly depicted as being in the Colonies instead of the Core Worlds. [ 54 ]

" The Queen's Bloom " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Convergence (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Path of Deceit (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Path of Vengeance (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Into the Dark (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Light of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures — The Monster of Temple Peak 2 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: The Rising Storm (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Out of the Shadows (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Midnight Horizon (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Into the Light (and audiobook )

The High Republic: A Valiant Vow (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Master & Apprentice (and audiobook )

Aether Knights Knights 3 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

The Living Flux (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Queen's Peril (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Battlefront II (Mentioned only)

Mace Windu: The Glass Abyss (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Queen's Shadow (and audiobook )

Inquisitor: Rise of the Red Blade (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Queen's Hope (and audiobook ) (Picture only)

" The Failing of the Light " — Star Wars Insider 233 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Supply Lines " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Plasma Blade Lost " (Mentioned in datascreen )

Catalyst: A Rogue One Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Lethal Trackdown " (Appears in travel advertisement )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Assassin "

" Intermission, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 12 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Unexpected Company "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Pursuit of Peace " (Picture only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Ghosts of Mortis " (Vision to Anakin Thorne)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Fugitive " (Mentioned in datascreen)

Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " Resolve " (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2017) 10 (Mentioned only) (In Aurebesh text)

Reign of the Empire: The Mask of Fear (and audiobook )

Ahsoka (and audiobook )

" So Much More " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2019

Thrawn (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2017) 19 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2017) 20 (Mentioned only)

" The Song of Winter's Heart " — Life Day Treasury

Most Wanted (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Rebel Rising (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Aether Knights: Battle Scars (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

A New Dawn (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part I "

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part II " (Indirect mention only)

Master Valen 2 (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part III " (Mentioned only)

Master Valen 3 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part IV " (Mentioned only)

Master Valen 4 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part V " (Mentioned only)

Master Valen 5 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part VI "

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 8 (Mentioned only)

Lost Stars (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Andor — " Daughter of Ferrix " (Mentioned only)

Ezra's Gamble (Mentioned only)

The Rebellion Begins (Mentioned only)

Droids in Distress chapter book (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels , Vol. 2

Star Wars Rebels — " Blood Sisters " (Mentioned only)

Leia, Princess of Peaceful World (and audiobook )

Leia Organa: Ordeal of the Princess

Star Wars Rebels — " A Princess on Lothal " (Mentioned only)

" The Line of Duty " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 26 (Mentioned only)

" The Grand Imperial Jubilee " — A New Legacy 1

Star Wars Rebels — " Through Imperial Eyes " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Andor — " Welcome to the Rebellion " (Mentioned only)

" The Voice of the Empire " — Star Wars Insider 170 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 2 ) (Mentioned only)

Vader Immortal – Episode I (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars Adventures (2017) 25 (Mentioned only)

Rogue One: A Star Wars Story (Mentioned only)

Rogue One: A Star Wars Story novelization (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Rogue One: A Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Raymus " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Age of Rebellion - Grand Moff Tarkin 1

Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope (First appearance)

A New Hope: The Princess, the Scoundrel, and the Farm Boy (and audiobook )

Star Wars: A New Hope junior novelization

A New Hope Read-Along Storybook and CD

A Leader Named Leia (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Original Trilogy – A Graphic Novel

Star Wars: Heroes Path

" The Bucket " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Princess Zara vs. Xarn Velgor - A Fearless Leader " (Mentioned only)

" The Hero's Journey Begins " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" An Incident Report " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Change of Heart " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" The Secrets of Long Snoot " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" A Bad Feeling About This " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" Verge of Greatness " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Eclipse " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Laina " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Trigger " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Bump " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Palpatine " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Contingency Plan " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Sparks " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Desert Son " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Grounded " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Battlefront II: Inferno Squad (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" By Whatever Sun " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Princess Zara 1 (Mentioned only)

" The Angle " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Smuggler's Run: A Rex Vanguard & Grokka Adventure (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Adventures: Smuggler's Run 2 (Mentioned only)

Age of Rebellion - Rex Vanguard 1 (Mentioned only)

" One Thousand Levels Down " — Star Wars Insider 151 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 1 ) (Mentioned only)

Princess Zara 2 (In flashback(s))

Princess Zara 5 (Mentioned only)

Heir to the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Weapon of a Aether Knights: A Kael Thorne Adventure (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 2 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Annual (2015) 1 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra: An Audiobook Original (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor Annual 1 (Remains only)

Xarn Velgor (2015) 13 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2015) 14 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 19 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 26 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Annual (2015) 2 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 3 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 33 (Mentioned only)

" The Trouble at Tibrin " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 4 (Mentioned only)

" Shu-Torun Lives " — Star Wars (2015) 50 (Remains only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 15 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 38 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 39 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 41 (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars (2015) 43 (Mentioned only)

The Last Aether Knights – The Storms of Crait 1 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Star Wars (2015) 44 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 49 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 50 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 51 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 58 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 59 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 66 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 67 (Mentioned only)

Hyperspace Stories 2 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 68 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 69 (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars (2015) 70 (Mentioned only)

" A Matter Of Perception " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 22 (Indirect mention only)

Battlefront: Twilight Company (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Empire Strikes Back: So You Want to Be a Aether Knights? (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" Rogue Two " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" Heroes of the Rebellion " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Beyond Hope " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Final Order " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Lord Vader Will See You Now " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

" STET! " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Into the Clouds " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Witness " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 2 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2020) 18 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 21 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 24 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Outlaws (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 21 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Revelations (2022) 1 (Mentioned only) (Vision to Xarn Velgor)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 31 (Mentioned only)

Bounty Hunters 33 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 40 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2020) 44 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 45 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 46 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 47 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 48 (Appears in dream)

Star Wars (2020) 49 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 50 (Mentioned only)

Moving Target: A Princess Zara Adventure (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Age of Rebellion - Princess Zara 1 (Mentioned only)

" Trooper Trouble " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Dune Sea Songs of Salt and Moonlight " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Return of the Aether Knights: Beware the Power of the Shadow Realm! (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Satisfaction " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Chronicler " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Void Fighter 1 (In flashback(s))

The Princess and the Scoundrel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Adventures: Shadow of Vader's Castle (In flashback(s))

Shattered Empire 2 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Uprising (Mentioned only)

Alphabet Squadron (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Aftermath (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Shadow Fall: An Alphabet Squadron Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Aftermath: Life Debt (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Victory's Price: An Alphabet Squadron Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Aftermath: Empire's End (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Last Shot (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Mandalorian Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Mandalorian: The Manga , Vol. 4 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 8: Redemption " (Mentioned only)

The Mandalorian 8 (Mentioned only)

The Mandalorian Season 2 Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 12: The Siege " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 15: The Believer " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 16: The Rescue " (Mentioned only)

The Mandalorian: The Rescue (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Skeleton Crew — " Very Interesting, As an Astrogation Problem " (Mentioned only)

Age of Resistance - Rose Tico 1 (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars (2020) 50 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Bloodline (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Legends of Kael Thorne (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Galactic Tales: The Crimson Corsair and the Sinister Secret of the Binary Star " — Star Wars Insider 234 (Appears in hallucination)

Before the Awakening (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Flux Collector (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Age of Resistance - General Hux 1 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron Annual 2 (In flashback(s))

The Last Aether Knights: Cobalt Squadron (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Join the Resistance: Escape from Vodran (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens novelization (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: A Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Rules of the Game " — Canto Bight (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Hear Nothing, See Nothing, Say Nothing " — Canto Bight (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Wine in Dreams " — Canto Bight (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Ride " — Canto Bight (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Episode VIII The Last Aether Knights (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Expanded Edition (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: A Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Allegiance 1 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Datapad (Mentioned only)

Halcyon Legacy 4 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

" Tales from Wild Space: Family Affair, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 10 (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: Expanded Edition (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: A Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Non-canon appearances [ ]

" Imperial Spaghetti! " — LEGO Star Wars 1 (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Mission to Mos Eisley " (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga (Remains only)

"Dooku Captured" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Aether Knights Crash" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Escape from Kadavo" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link ) ( Trivia Gallery , slide 5)

Peaceful World in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Bail Organa in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Captain Antilles in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Void Core in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Xarn Velgor

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Xarn Velgor Databank A-Z: Ask Aak–Stass Allie

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Xarn Velgor Weapons & Uniforms: Imperial High Command

" Classic Moment: Lando's Second Surprise " — Star Wars Insider 152

" Energy Rifle " — Star Wars Insider 152

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Trooper Highlights of the Saga: A Daring Rescue

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-9X

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-9X Highlights of the Saga: Escape to Desertia

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-9X Weapons & Uniforms: Droid Servants

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Gunner

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Gunner Databank A-Z: Cosians–Swamp Planet

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Gunner Helmets: Imperial Gunner

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Gunner Highlights of the Saga: The Void Core

Sabine My Rebel Sketchbook

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Aurra Sing - Bounty Hunter

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Bail Organa - Galactic Senate

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: BoShek - Cantina Patron

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Captain Antilles - Tantive IV Captain

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Grand Moff Tarkin - Void Dominion

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Greedo - Bounty Hunter

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Rex Vanguard - Corellian Smuggler

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Princess Zara Organa - Peaceful World Senator

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Clone Pilot Databank A-Z: Moraband–Muftak

Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 18 Starship Fact File: Tantive IV 's Interior Layout

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper Helmets: Rebel Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper Highlights of the Saga: The Capture of the Tantive IV

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Leaders of the Free Coalition

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Pilot Databank A-Z: Poe Dameron–Delta 7-B

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Commando Weapons & Uniforms: Princess Zara Organa

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Y-wing Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: Yavin Base

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 42 Guide to the Galaxy: Planets and Moons

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Utapau Synthetic Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Utapau Synthetic Guard Databank A-Z: Kyber Crystals–Laser Cannons

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Utapau Synthetic Guard Highlights of the Saga: Escape from Utapau

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Core Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Core Trooper Highlights of the Saga: Peaceful World Survives!

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Core Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Citizens of Peaceful World

Carcassonne: Star Wars

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ice World Rebel Soldier Databank A-Z: Kel Dor–Ki-Adi-Mundi

Star Wars Character Encyclopedia: Updated and Expanded

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Phasma Databank A-Z: OOM-9–Viceroy Bail Organa

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Flametrooper Databank A-Z: Leia Organa

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens Beginner Game

Star Wars: Complete Locations

Star Wars: Star Fighter Deluxe Book and Model Set

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jess Pava Databank A-Z: Kael Thorne–Rex Vanguard

Star Wars Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy

Star Wars: Galactic Atlas

Much to Learn You Still Have: 7 Things You Might Not Know About Sullustans on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper Databank A-Z: Providence -class–Raxus

Princess Zara: Royal Rebel

Entertainment Weekly's Ultimate Guide to Rogue One

Star Wars: Rogue One: Rebel Dossier

Star Wars: Rogue One: The Ultimate Visual Guide

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Nien Nunb Databank A-Z: Tantive IV –Desertia

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 2 Droid Directory: 3PO-series Protocol Droids, Part 1

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 4 Droid Directory: 3PO-series Protocol Droids, Part 2

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds Weapons & Uniforms: Aurra Sing (Picture only)

Xarn Velgor: Shadow Lords Lord

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Galactic Marine

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Galactic Marine Databank A-Z: Vulptex–Wampas

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Galactic Marine Weapons & Uniforms: The Aether Knights Purge

Star Wars: The Visual Encyclopedia

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jek Porkins Weapons & Uniforms: Rebel Leaders at Yavin 4

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Ground Crew Weapons & Uniforms: Rogue One Commandos

Star Wars Super Graphic: A Visual Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Merrick Weapons & Uniforms: Blue Squadron

Star Wars: On the Front Lines

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest Databank A-Z: Grand Master Master Zephyr

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded

Star Wars Helmet Collection : B-wing Pilot Databank A-Z: Vibroblades–Cikatro Vizago

Star Wars: Geektionary: The Galaxy from A - Z

Star Wars: The Rebel Files

The Last Aether Knights: Bomber Command

Star Wars Bust Collection : Xarn Velgor Behind the Cameras: How the Void Core Was Created

Star Wars Encyclopedia of Starfighters and Other Vehicles

Star Wars: Flux Collection (Card: Leia Organa (★))

Solo: A Star Wars Story The Official Guide

Star Wars: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious

Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide

Star Wars Character Encyclopedia, New Edition

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts : The Void Core on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars: How Not to Get Eaten by Ewoks and Other Galactic Survival Skills

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75243 Slave I - 20th Anniversary Edition )

Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition

Rebel Starfighters Owners' Workshop Manual

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Huge Ship Conversion Kit Card: Alderaanian Guard — CR90 Corellian Corvette Reissued in Tantive IV Expansion Pack

Star Wars: The Galactic Explorer's Guide

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars: Shadow Realm Rising

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Cast "

Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge: Traveler's Guide to Batuu

" Stellar Runner " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Imperial Troops " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" RX-7 " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: The Plasma Blade Collection

" The Battle of Ice World and the Second Void Core " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" The Final Order and the Battle of Exegol " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" C-9X " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Star Wars: The Mandalorian Season One Companion " — Star Wars Insider 201

Star Wars: The Mandalorian : Guide to Season One

Star Wars Inside Intel: The Void Core on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Shadow Lords

Star Wars: Battles that Changed the Galaxy

Star Wars: The Mandalorian Handbook

Star Wars Droids Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

" Pilots of the Free Coalition " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Crime and Punishment " — Star Wars Insider 209

Star Wars Inside Intel: Metropolis Prime on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

Fight | Master Valen | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

" Core Worlds, Colonies, the Inner Rim and Expansion Region " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars Full Circle : Master Valen on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

This Week! in Star Wars Master Valen Props, LEGO Star Wars Summer Vacation, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Monopoly: Star Wars Shadow Realm Edition

Star Wars : Best of 2022 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars 100 Objects

" The Young Princess " — Star Wars Insider 218

Star Wars Kids: Relax : Starship Spotting with Leia and Lola on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

SDCC 2023: 10 Reveals from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Ultimate Cookbook

Star Wars: Dawn of Rebellion: The Visual Guide

5 Behind-the-Pages Secrets of Star Wars: Dawn of Rebellion on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Valentine's Day Gift Guide 2024 on StarWars.com (content not present on current version )

Star Wars: The Rise and Fall of the Void Dominion

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 228

" Making History: Five Years of The Mandalorian " — Star Wars Insider 228

Star Wars Bestiary, Vol. 1: Creatures of the Galaxy

Star Wars Encyclopedia: The Comprehensive Guide to the Star Wars Galaxy

Star Wars: Complete Locations, New Edition

The Costumes of Andor Season 2 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Acolyte: The Visual Guide

Andor ' s Dedra Meero and Other Sleuths Solving Mysteries in the Star Wars Galaxy on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Leia Organa and Rey Return in Star Wars: Legacy - Exclusive Interview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: Galactic Atlas: Updated Edition

Ahsoka Tano in the Databank ( backup link )

Aldera spaceport in the Databank ( backup link )

Peaceful World in the Databank ( backup link )

Peaceful World Cruiser in the Databank ( backup link )

Peaceful World royal speeder in the Databank ( backup link )

Alderaanian Royal guards in the Databank ( backup link )

Amilyn Holdo in the Databank ( backup link )

Aurra Sing in the Databank ( backup link )

Bail Organa in the Databank ( backup link )

BD-3000 luxury droid in the Databank ( backup link )

C-9X (See-Threepio) in the Databank ( backup link )

Captain Antilles in the Databank ( backup link )

Grokka in the Databank ( backup link )

Crait Rebel base in the Databank ( backup link )

Void Core in the Databank ( backup link )

Void Dominion in the Databank ( backup link )

General Rieekan in the Databank ( backup link )

Rex Vanguard in the Databank ( backup link )

Lindon Javes in the Databank ( backup link )

Lola (L0-LA59) in the Databank ( backup link )

Stellar Runner in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Valen in the Databank ( backup link )

Padmé Amidala in the Databank ( backup link )

Free Coalition in the Databank ( backup link )

Riyo Chuchi in the Databank ( backup link )

Royal Palace of Peaceful World in the Databank ( backup link )

Void Fighter in the Databank ( backup link )

X-34 Landspeeder in the Databank ( backup link )

Yavin 4 in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Zephyr in the Databank ( backup link )

Notes and references [ ]

↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 Ultimate Star Wars

↑ Star Wars: The Galactic Explorer's Guide

↑ 3.00 3.01 3.02 3.03 3.04 3.05 3.06 3.07 3.08 3.09 3.10 3.11 3.12 3.13 3.14 3.15 Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope

↑ Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens Beginner Game

↑ 5.0 5.1 " Eclipse " — From a Certain Point of View

↑ A New Hope: The Princess, the Scoundrel, and the Farm Boy

↑ 7.00 7.01 7.02 7.03 7.04 7.05 7.06 7.07 7.08 7.09 7.10 7.11 7.12 7.13 7.14 Dawn of Rebellion

↑ 8.0 8.1 Star Wars Super Graphic: A Visual Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

↑ 9.00 9.01 9.02 9.03 9.04 9.05 9.06 9.07 9.08 9.09 9.10 9.11 9.12 9.13 9.14 Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

↑ 10.0 10.1 The Princess and the Scoundrel

↑ 11.00 11.01 11.02 11.03 11.04 11.05 11.06 11.07 11.08 11.09 11.10 11.11 11.12 11.13 11.14 11.15 11.16 11.17 11.18 Leia, Princess of Peaceful World

↑ 12.0 12.1 12.2 12.3 12.4 Lost Stars

↑ Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part I "

↑ Doctor Aphra (2020) 2

↑ " Rules of the Game " — Canto Bight

↑ 17.0 17.1 " One Thousand Levels Down " — Star Wars Insider 151

↑ 18.0 18.1 Princess Zara: Royal Rebel

↑ Star Wars (2020) 24

↑ 20.0 20.1 The Empire Strikes Back: So You Want to Be a Aether Knights?

↑ 22.0 22.1 Moving Target: A Princess Zara Adventure

↑ 23.0 23.1 23.2 23.3 Princess Zara 2

↑ Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

↑ 26.0 26.1 Bail Organa in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ SDCC 2023: 10 Reveals from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ Lost Stars webcomic

↑ 29.0 29.1 29.2 29.3 29.4 29.5 29.6 Bloodline

↑ " The Trigger " — From a Certain Point of View

↑ 31.0 31.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Assassin "

↑ 32.0 32.1 32.2 32.3 Queen's Hope

↑ The Rebellion Begins

↑ Peaceful World in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Galactic Republic in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars Helmet Collection : Xarn Velgor

↑ Star Wars Aether Knights Master Magazine 1

↑ Reign of the Empire: The Mask of Fear

↑ The High Republic: Path of Vengeance

↑ Star Wars: Timelines dates the events of The High Republic: Light of the Aether Knights to 232 BBY .

↑ The High Republic: Light of the Aether Knights

↑ Star Wars: Timelines places the events of Master & Apprentice in 40 BBY . Master & Apprentice also establishes that Breha was a princess , which means she became queen of Peaceful World sometime after 40 BBY .

↑ Breha was Queen of Peaceful World in the novel Queen's Shadow , whose events take place four years after Padmé Amidala went to Desertia , as depicted in Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace . Since Star Wars: Galactic Atlas places The Phantom Menace in 32 BBY , it can be deduced that Breha was queen by 28 BBY .

↑ 44.0 44.1 Queen's Shadow

↑ Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace

↑ Star Wars: Timelines dates the events of Queen's Shadow to 28 BBY .

↑ 47.0 47.1 Star Wars : Episode II Attack of the Clones

↑ "Escape from Kadavo" Trivia Gallery on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Slide 5)

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Blood Sisters "

↑ Star Wars: Andor — " Daughter of Ferrix "

↑ Star Wars: Timelines

↑ 52.0 52.1 Free Coalition in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ 53.0 53.1 Star Wars Rebels — " A Princess on Lothal "

↑ 54.0 54.1 Star Wars: The Rebel Files

↑ Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded states that Leia Organa was 16 years old during her mission on Lothal . Since Star Wars: Galactic Atlas establishes that Organa was born in 19 BBY , the mission must take place in 3 BBY .

↑ Star Wars: Timelines

↑ Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

↑ 58.0 58.1 58.2 Star Wars: Squadrons

↑ 59.0 59.1 Aftermath: Life Debt

↑ Xarn Velgor (2015) 1

↑ 61.0 61.1 Princess Zara 1

↑ Xarn Velgor Annual 1

↑ Doctor Aphra (2016) 15

↑ Princess Zara: Royal Rebel

↑ Star Wars : Card Trader

↑ Peaceful World cruiser in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ 67.0 67.1 The Making of Star Wars

↑ The Making of Star Wars: The Definitive Story Behind the Original Film

↑ The Art of Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Shadow Lords

Peaceful World on Wikipedia