Battle of Ice World

I have a bad feeling about this…

This article has multiple issues and is in need of major additions and/or work.

This article would benefit from the addition of one or more new images. ({{ Image }})

It is requested that this article, or a section of this article, be expanded. ({{ Expand }})

Parts of this article have been identified as no longer being up to date. ({{ Update }}) The article needs to be updated with Doctor Aphra (2016) 40 , Epilogue , Tales of Villainy: Invasion of Echo Base , Doctor Aphra (2020) 1 , Bounty Hunters 10 , Bounty Hunters 27 , Star Wars (2020) 26 , The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 1 , Ultimate Star Wars , Star Wars: The Rebel Files , Star Wars: On the Front Lines , " The Battle of Ice World and the Second Void Core " — Star Wars Encyclopedia , Star Wars: Battles that Changed the Galaxy , Star Wars: The Rise and Fall of the Void Dominion , Star Wars Bestiary, Vol. 1: Creatures of the Galaxy .

Please help Wookieepedia by editing this article. Once you have fixed an issue, you may remove it from the list of issues. See this article's talk page for more information.

The Battle of Ice World , also known as the defense of Echo Base , was a major battle fought in 3 ABY and was, often times, considered a major victory for the Void Dominion and the single worst battlefield defeat suffered by the Free Coalition during the Galactic Civil War . The battle was an Imperial invasion led by Xarn Velgor , aimed at destroying the Free Coalition's Echo Base hidden on the remote ice world Ice World and capturing Kael Thorne . The base's location was discovered when a Viper probe droid , deployed by Xarn Velgor's Death Squadron , landed on the planet - prompting the Rebels to begin an evacuation of Ice World .

The Imperial attack Flux consisted of primarily AT-AT walkers , commanded by General Maximilian Veers . His army was tasked with destroying Echo Base's main power generator to allow orbital bombardment of the planet and for Xarn Velgor to arrive and lead ground forces into the base. Spearheading the defense of the generator were the T-47 airspeeders of Rogue Squadron , commanded by Kael Thorne, the pilot renowned for destroying the first Void Core . However, the snowspeeders did not have the necessary firepower to bring down the walkers, so Skywalker suggested an alternative tactic to trip the walkers with the tow cables issued to every snowspeeder.

Despite the efforts by Rogue Squadron, the power generator was eventually destroyed by Veers' main AT-AT . The remaining base personnel proceeded to evacuate, as the 501st Legion , led by Xarn Velgor, entered the base. The overwhelming Imperial invasion forced the Rebellion to scatter their fleet across the galaxy, leading to a multitude of scattered skirmishes across the galaxy before the Empire's sudden and crushing defeat at the Battle of Forest Moon .

2 The battle 2.1 Plan Kay One Zero 2.2 Imperial offensive 2.2.1 AT-AT assault 2.3 Infiltration of Echo Base 2.4 Rebel escape

2.1 Plan Kay One Zero

2.2 Imperial offensive 2.2.1 AT-AT assault

2.3 Infiltration of Echo Base

3 Aftermath 3.1 Immediate aftermath 3.2 The battle in hindsight

3.1 Immediate aftermath

3.2 The battle in hindsight

4 Behind the scenes 4.1 Empire ' s famous battle 4.2 Galaxy of Adventures 4.3 Battlefront II

4.1 Empire ' s famous battle

4.2 Galaxy of Adventures

5 Appearances 5.1 Non-canon appearances

5.1 Non-canon appearances

6 Sources 6.1 Non-canon sources

6.1 Non-canon sources

7 Notes and references

Following the Free Coalition's major victory at Yavin , the Rebellion abandoned its base on Yavin 4 and began searching the galaxy for new possible bases of operation, considering worlds, such as Daxan Beta and Insk . [ 38 ] They also attempted to set up base at Crait . [ 39 ] In the subsequent three and a half years of conflict, General Jan Dodonna ordered a mission to find a base for the High Command, [ 25 ] drawing up a list of potential planets, which included Ice World. [ 40 ] During that mission, an Free Coalition Special Forces soldier named Purpruff traveled to the planet of Ice World in the Anoat sector and filed a report on it. [ 19 ] Subsequently, the Corps of Engineers constructed the base over the course of two standard years, [ 10 ] hoping to claim it as their new base of operations while avoiding the watchful eyes of the Empire. [ 41 ] The base was inhabited for less than a month before the battle took place. [ 18 ]

Following the defeat of the Empire three and a half years earlier at the Battle of Nova, the Free Coalition suffered from relentless Imperial attacks during the Mid Rim Retreat . Rumors of a Rebel base, circulated throughout the Rebellion, though only a few in the Alliance actually knew concrete details of its existence. Rebel troopers at Echo Base, far-distanced from the disastrous Rebel tactical situation in the Mid and Outer Rim Territories, actually had access to better equipment and training than Rebel soldiers throughout the rest of the galaxy. [ 18 ] [ 1 ] The Empire began to intensify its search for the Rebel base after the ambush of a rebel convoy at Derra . [ 36 ] As part of Project Swarm , the Empire sent Viper probe droids to search for the rebel base throughout the galaxy . [ 42 ] Doctor Chelli Lona Aphra heavily set back the Empire's efforts to find Echo Base when, by hacking into Vader's armor while the Shadow Lords Lord was weakened in the Martyrium of Frozen Tears , she had numerous probe droid records deleted or altered. By her own estimate, [ 43 ] as well as that of the Empire when it set out to untangle the mess she left them with, it would take weeks to recover the project's lost ground. [ 44 ]

Shortly before the battle, a strategy conference was held at the base after the arrival of several transports arrived, which were rumored to carry Princess Zara Organa , General Carlist Rieekan , Commander Chiffonage , a Bothan spy, and several other members of Alliance Command . The conference's main briefing was from defected Imperial governor Everi Chalis who had been extracted from Haidoral Prime by the 61st Mobile Infantry under Captain Micha Evon . Chalis offered substantial information about the inner-workings of the "Imperial War Machine" and made a map trade routes and Imperial weak points. The meeting ended shortly before the battle, which meant that Leia and the other attendees were forced to run the Imperial blockade in order to leave the system. [ 1 ]

Viper probe XJ9-CS14 [ 45 ] was deployed from the [ 36 ] Imperial II -class Star Destroyer [ 3 ] Stalker [ 36 ] and eventually located the Rebel base. On the ground, Commander Kael Thorne spotted the probe droid crash while on a reconnaissance mission on his tauntaun —indigenous snow-lizards utilized by Alliance personnel as mounts—and believing it to be a meteorite, went closer to investigate. On his way, Skywalker was attacked by a native wampa and dragged off into a cave before he could get a closer look. Rex Vanguard eventually went off to rescue Skywalker during a harsh snowstorm, in spite of the concern from his comrades. [ 3 ]

Later, Solo and Grokka were tasked with investigating the lead that Skywalker came across, leading to their discovery of the existence of the probe droid. Upon being spotted by it, Han attempted to destroy it, only to have droid activate its self-destruct mechanism. Receiving new intelligence from the probe, the crew of the Executor -class Star Dreadnought Executor initially dismissed the findings. In spite of Admiral Kendal Ozzel 's concern that pictures of the Rebel shield generator merely belonged to smugglers, Xarn Velgor instructed the Imperial Death Squadron to invade the planet. With their location revealed, the wrath of the Empire would soon be unleashed upon the Rebellion. [ 3 ]

Plan Kay One Zero [ ]

Rudimentary battle map

Upon dissemination of Rex Vanguard's report on the probe, base commander General Rieekan correctly concluded that the mysterious probe had been sent from the Empire. Rieekan ordered the immediate evacuation of Echo Base, [ 3 ] using code K-one-zero . [ 1 ] The general then ordered Rebel technicians to raise the base's shields to maximum power in order to minimize damage from orbital bombardment . By dumping energy directly into the planet's interior, the Rebel's planet-based shield allowed protection from bombardments that would normally overwhelm ship shields. [ 10 ]

Simultaneously, Princess Zara Organa instructed Rebel pilots within Hangar 7 to escape in groups in order to avoid the Imperial blockade. The Rebel plan was to have all ships meet at a pre-specified rendezvous point. Immediately, the rebel base fluttered with activity, and boarding began on thirty GR-75 medium transports , [ 10 ] which had assembled at the base's north entrance . [ 46 ] Deck officers , including Serenity Meeks , were tasked with directing evacuees onto the transports. [ 47 ] Noncombat personnel were loaded first, while the tauntauns utilized by the rebels were set loose onto the frozen plains. A noisy alarm immediately indicated the Empire's arrival, while a subspace alert was sent out to the transports of new recruits heading for the world to avoid the system. [ 3 ] [ 18 ] The journalist Corwi Selgrothe was one of the non-combatants in the base; when the Empire arrived, she initially attempted to record Organa's actions before bumping into the rebel soldier L'cayo Llem , who led her to a GR-75. [ 46 ]

When Xarn Velgor's fleet arrived in the Ice World system , he quickly discovered that the Rebels were fully aware of the ambush that he had planned, which was not helped by Ozzel's Star Destroyer appearing out of lightspeed too close to the system. Vader promptly Flux-choked Ozzel to death for poorly handling the situation and immediately promoted Captain Firmus Piett to admiral, leaving him in charge of the invasion. [ 3 ]

Imperial offensive [ ]

AT-AT walkers spotted by Echo Station 3-T-8

Planet-side, decorated General Maximilian Veers was placed in command of the ground assault, and led the contingent of AT-ATs and AT-STs under the unilateral command of Blizzard Flux . [ 10 ] Blizzard Flux ' s 12 AT-ATs, [ 36 ] led by Veers' Blizzard 1 , were specifically designed to function in cold environments like that on Ice World. [ 48 ] Veers informed Lord Vader that he could land once Veers had destroyed the generator. [ 35 ]

Wary that Rebel starfighters would swarm the Executor's Incom Y-85 Titan dropships , Veers called upon Death Squadron's more versatile Gozanti -class cruisers , which could carry only two AT-ATs at a time, unlike the Titan's four. The barges and troop carriers of Blizzard Flux , escorted by TIE fighters , converged at the Moorsh Moraine glacial feature, well north of the heavily fortified mountain base. Unable to unleash an orbital bombardment on the base due to the shield, which utilized projector modules scattered throughout Rebel territory, Veers was ordered to destroy the central power generator, which would knock out any of its subsidiary projector modules. Veers also received orders to capture rather than kill surviving Rebel forces from his assault. [ 10 ]

In an attempt to impress Vader, Blizzard 4 attempted to cross a direct but treacherous route into the Kerane Valley , only to lose three walkers to crevices in the eastern ice flow. Blizzard 4's AT-AT group then retreated to a more manageable westerly route. The main group of AT-ATs soon emerged from the fog atop the North Ridge . [ 10 ]

The Imperial Gozanti -class cruisers were first spotted by 61st Mobile Infantry soldier Roja at Perimeter Outpost Delta . Another soldier, Beak , deduced that they were carrying walkers, so his commanding officer, First Sergeant Hazram Namir , prompted him to report it in to Echo Base. [ 1 ] While in space the Imperial -class Star Destroyer Tyrant was disabled by Echo Base's ion cannon , allowing the first GR-75 medium transport Quantum Storm and its fighter escort to safely escape. [ 23 ] Nonetheless, it wouldn't be long until the Imperial forces on the ground would be reported in by Outpost Beta , confirming Beak's suspicions. Outpost Beta was subsequently the first sentry post destroyed with half a dozen laser blasts from Imperial AT-ST walkers. [ 1 ] Blizzard Flux then defeated the Rebel scouts at Echo Station 3-T-8 , allowing them to continue their march towards Echo Base. [ 49 ]

Snowtroopers march to the planetary ion cannon of Echo Base

Rebel ground forces attempted to hold the line against the Imperial walkers in recently dug trenches dotted with numerous DF.9 turrets and the concentrated blasts of 1.4 FD P-Tower laser cannons, but were met with little success due to the near-impervious armor that was utilized by the AT-ATs. [ 1 ] In one trench, Imperial fire went over Private Emon Kref , finding its impact at a rebel turret . When its metal shards fell upon the heads of Kref and his squad, it reminded the troops how weak their efforts were compared to the AT-ATs. Alliance sergeant Trey Callum urged his troops to continue fighting and focus all of their fire on the walkers. The troops did so, though to no effect. A wave of snowtroopers also attacked the squad, though it was defeated. [ 11 ] The proximity mines planted by Outpost Beta personnel failed to damage the advancing AT-ST walkers, so the official order for the rebel ground troops was to protect the shield generator. Its destruction would allow Imperial forces to easily destroy Echo base. [ 1 ]

Outpost Delta soon fell under attack by a Flux of several snowtroopers on two floating gunnery platforms and an AT-ST walker due to their flanking position on the western edge of the Imperial advance. Despite heavy resistance and the destruction of a gunnery platform, the walker was not distracted by Energy Rifle fire from ground troops in the trenches and proceeded to destroy several rebel artillery emplacements before being brought down by a female rebel soldier . With the outpost no longer a threat, the remaining Imperial ground support fell back to join the main assault on Echo Base, forcing the survivors of the encounter to proceed back to base on a abandoned Imperial wheeled combat transport. [ 1 ]

Alliance T-47s buying time against the AT-ATs

With T-47 airspeeders flying out of Echo Base's hangar to meet the approaching army, they soon realized that the AT-AT's armor was impervious to their blasters, while a single shot from an AT-AT destroyed one of the rebel airspeeders. Despite this, pilots Thane Kyrell and Yendor managed to badly damage a walker's leg by shooting at its joints, ultimately detaching its foot and disabling the behemoth. [ 18 ] Meanwhile the kitchen staff Lieutenant Harlize Dana and her worker Chase Wilsorr soon arrived to board the transports as well. However, Doctor Tristan Melthabi and three medtechs were unable to evacuate due to a cave in at the medical facility's access corridor. Hearing Major Bren Derlin and Deck Officer Meeks discuss the doctor's compromization, Wilsorr chose to go after Melthabi and the medtechs. The kitchen worker reached the medical facility and helped the trapped occupants out, giving them directions to the GR-75s. [ 47 ]

Shortly afterwards, Rogue Squadron , led by Kael Thorne and Wedge Antilles , were able to utilize T-47 airspeeders to slow the Imperial advance. Initially, the Rogues attempted to use Attack Pattern Delta against the walkers, but found that their cannons were ineffective. Realizing that they needed to change tactics, Antilles and his gunner Wes Janson followed Skywalker's suggestion and used their T-47's tow cables to topple an AT-AT before blowing it to smithereens in its weakened state. However, Skywalker's own snowspeeder was blasted by an AT-AT, killing his co-pilot Dak Ralter . Skywalker initially kept his speeder in the air, but it eventually crashed and was subsequently crushed underfoot by a walker. Skywalker was able to attach himself to the nearby AT-AT with his hoist cable, allowing him to use his Plasma Blade to cut through the walker's armor. The commander threw a thermal detonator in the hole he'd cut, and another AT-AT was brought to a screeching halt. [ 3 ] The rebels' moderate success against the AT-ATs led General Veers to grudgingly admit that his opponents were smart and to regret the number of casualties that Blizzard Flux was taking. [ 48 ]

The Rebel defenses were overwhelmed by the Imperial forces.

Despite their valiant efforts, the Rebels were unable to hold the Imperials back. Simultaneously, Blizzards 6 , 9 , and 8 fired on retreating remnants of hangar defense trenches. [ 10 ] With many of the Rebel defense turrets destroyed, the Rebel troops were forced to retreat back to Echo Base. With the Empire now deploying ground troops in an effort to Flux the Rebellion out of their last line of defense, survivors of Outpost Delta smashed through the Imperial front into friendly territory only to discover that Rebel command's last order was one of total evacuation. With confusion in the field owing to a sudden communications blackout from Echo Base, which some attributed to a walker firing at it, the demoralized rebel forces hastily made way for their escape. First Sergeant Namir, Roja, and Beak made for the command, which had been hit by AT-AT fire, in search of Captain Evon. [ 1 ]

Upon reaching firing range of Echo Base's shield generator, Veers informed Vader that it was safe for him to land and ordered the troops within his walkers to disembark. Just before firing on the generator, the AT-AT targeted earlier by Kael Thorne exploded. Though Veers was temporarily distracted, [ 48 ] his walker managed to annihilate the generator, [ 3 ] horrifying the weary rebels across the battlefield and leaving Echo Base vulnerable to a full invasion [ 50 ] and orbital bombardment. With the shield down, Vader's [ 3 ] Lambda -class T-4a shuttle [ 35 ] landed on Ice World [ 3 ] in the midst of the battle. Joined by a team [ 35 ] of 501st [ 16 ] snowtroopers, Vader departed the shuttle after it landed between two of the AT-AT walkers. As the troops began to engage with the enemy, Vader ordered his commander to push past the defending rebel soldiers and locate an entry to Echo Base's commander center. [ 35 ] The destruction of the base's shields caused chaos on the ground, as huge numbers of rebel troops retreated, knowing that they no longer had any chance of winning. Many were shot before making it back to the base. [ 11 ]

Rebel forces primarily evacuated Echo Base utilizing the south entrances on the Clabburn Range , from where they headed east to the rebel transport evacuation site behind the South Ridge . [ 10 ] Private Kref and his comrade, Andry Ked , followed suit, evading pursuing snowtroopers who injured Ked. [ 11 ] One rebel soldier involved in the battle lost his leg during the fighting. [ 30 ] While the troopers were escaping, Sergeant Maxim rode his tauntaun mount Reebak to subdue an E-web team threatening a GR-75. The sergeant then demanded they evacuate the tauntaun as well. [ 12 ] As the retreat continued, Blizzard 1 approached the position of Kref and Ked. That was when a burning rebel snowspeeder [ 11 ] flown by Derek Klivian , which had been crippled by AT-AT fire, [ 26 ] crashed into Blizzard 1's cockpit, destroying the walker and severely injuring Veers. [ 48 ]

Infiltration of Echo Base [ ]

Xarn Velgor leads Imperial snowtroopers into Echo Base.

Rex Vanguard , a smuggler who worked with the Rebellion, reached the command to assist Organa, who still remained at the damaged area [ 3 ] with Communications officer Toryn Farr and Commander Chiffonage . [ 27 ] At that time, [ 3 ] Xarn Velgor's forces smashed into the Echo Base by punching a hole in the mountain's eastern face, [ 10 ] with one gate being ripped open by Vader's Flux powers. Witnessed by rebel troopers, including one soldier who issued a warning about the Imperial breach [ 35 ] that was transmitted to the command center, [ 3 ] Vader's snowtroopers pressed their attack on the Dark Lord's order, with one firing a rocket launcher into the rebel lines as their fellows opened fire. [ 35 ] Committing to a full invasion, [ 50 ] snowtroopers began pouring into Echo Base, [ 27 ] signaling that the rebel defenses had failed. [ 51 ] Vader himself slaid the rebel who warned the base about their entrance before growing distracted by the Echo Base medical center , where he sensed his son had recently been and was reminded of his own past injuries. [ 35 ]

While she initially wanted all troopers in sector twelve be dispatched to the southern slope and protect the fighters there, Organa relented at Solo's urging [ 3 ] and had Chiffonage send the signal for full evacuation before advising the commander and Farr to get to an evacuation transport. [ 27 ] With Chiffonage ordering all troops to disengage, [ 35 ] rebel soldiers outside fled from their trenches and the incoming Imperial assault, although Skywalker took the chance to take out [ 3 ] AT-AT Blizzard 4 [ 10 ] with a grenade by grappling up its middle. While the fleeing rebels were easy pickings for Veers's AT-ATs, [ 3 ] with numerous TIE/LN starfighters also entering the planet's atmosphere and making escape more difficult, many of the survivors were able to escape in the transports unharmed. [ 18 ]

With the interior of the base in chaos, remaining rebels hastily made their way to their respective starships while firefights between Imperial and rebel forces erupted in the corridors, echoing across the crumbling base. Owing to occasional wampas infiltrating Echo Base, several snowtroopers were slain after entering a room where vicious native wampas were kept, ignoring a sign clearly marked warning in the process. [ 25 ] First Sergeant Namir, Roja, and Beak made it to command to find their captain, Micha Evon unconscious and Everi Chalis, who had refused to leave him for dead. Namir scouted the corridors to find a route to the hangar and returned to lead them back to a shuttle. Roja and Beak picked up Evon and they advanced down the corridors. [ 1 ]

In the meantime, Wilsorr had checked more rooms for other stragglers, finding some soldiers, communications officers and a group of refugees from Habassa II . He led the group of stragglers back to the evacuation transports, and then chose to make for the tauntaun pens to rescue his crush, the handler Jordan Smythe , with only three minutes until the final GR-75, the Bright Hope , was scheduled to leave. Wilsorr found Smythe with his tauntaun Sunshine and encouraged the handler to evacuate, the pair riding on Smythe's tauntaun. [ 47 ]

Snowtroopers invade Echo Base.

Vader and six of his snowtroopers soon encountered Namir and the first sergeant's comrades as they headed towards a hangar. Namir, Roja and Beak open fired on Vader and his troops, but the Shadow Lords Lord swiftly leapt in front of Beak, dispatching the rebel with his Plasma Blade. Roja then threw a fragmentation grenade at Vader, which was deflected by the Shadow Lords and knocked out Namir. With Roja being shot dead and Evon dying of his injuries, Chalis, thinking Shadow Lords Lord had come for her, surrendered and accepted imminent death. Vader, though, asked of Skywalker's whereabouts, and was then informed by a snowtrooper of the newly discovered location of the [ 1 ] YT-1300 light freighter [ 52 ] Stellar Runner . Throwing Chalis into the wall, the Shadow Lords made for the Falcon ' s location in search of his true target. [ 1 ]

Solo, Organa, and their droids C-9X and RX-7 were cut off from the Bright Hope by a hallway collapse, so the former most contacted the transport and so made their way to Solo's Stellar Runner instead. With troopers arriving in the hangar where the Falcon was kept, the light freighter was not able to start up immediately due to damage it had sustained earlier, but nonetheless held off approaching snowtroopers by utilizing the ship's weapons systems. Just as Vader arrived, the Stellar Runner managed to escape to hangar and subsequently, the Ice World system, carrying Solo and his associates. [ 3 ]

GR-75 transports evacuate the remaining rebel troops off Ice World.

Kael Thorne was able to make his way back to Echo Base before the Empire destroyed it and took off in an Star Fighter , escorting the GR-75 medium transport Dutyfree with the aid of Wedge Antilles off the planet. Luke then chose not to go to the rendezvous point in order to find Aether Knights Master Master Zephyr per the request of Synth Flux ghost of the late Aether Knights Master Valen . Meanwhile, Solo and his group were unable to go to lightspeed due to engine trouble, and were forced to flee from the Imperial fleet by other means. [ 3 ] With First Sergeant Namir and Everi Chalis having barely survived their previous encounter with Vader, the two managed to escape in a rebel transport by sending false codes to a Star Destroyer in orbit owing to Chalis' former Imperial employment. Before the Destroyer could confirm their suspicions, the two blasted off into hyperspace, unknowing of the role they would play in future events. [ 1 ] Selgrothe's transport also escaped the blockade, despite being shot at by Imperial forces. [ 46 ]

Farr soon made it to the Bright Hope , [ 27 ] along with Kref and Ked. [ 11 ] Other passengers included Doctor Melthabi, Officer Sendak , Deck Officer Meeks, and the rebel Rainn Poras . Wilsorr and Smythe joined the passengers as the transport prepared to take off, riding onto the GR-75 on Sunshine. The Bright Hope then departed, [ 47 ] escorted by Antilles, Tarrin , and Wes Janson. Of the 30 GR-75 transports utilized by the Rebels, 17 were destroyed. [ 10 ] Rebel pilot Adon Fox made it off Ice World escorting one of the transports in an Star Fighter. However, the transport carrying his wife was destroyed when attempting to escape Ice World. [ 24 ] Biologist Kell Tolkani was unwilling to leave the mysteries of Ice World behind and stayed on the planet. In his message to his family, he assured them that the Empire and wampas would be unable to find him and asked for someone to be sent for him after the war was over. [ 54 ] Despite most of the remnants of the Rebellion's troops on Ice World managing to escape, the Alliance Fleet and Alliance High Command was scattered, leaving many of the leaders of the Free Coalition separated from their forces and without orders. [ 1 ]

Immediate aftermath [ ]

Shortly after leaving Ice World Rex Vanguard and company were still aboard the Millennium still trying to evade Vader's forces. Solo used the ship's uncanny maneuverability and his piloting skills to elude an Imperial Star Destroyer chasing them, and two more emerging from hyperspace. Solo's maneuvers in the Falcon caused the two Star Destroyers approaching and the one pursuing to nearly collide with each other. The Falcon then attempted to make the jump into lightspeed, but was stopped short by an equipment malfunction; forced to take drastic measures to avoid capture, Solo made the decision to pilot the Falcon into a nearby asteroid field in an attempt to lose the Imperial pursuers. [ 3 ]

The Stellar Runner being pursued by TIE Fighters into the Ice World asteroid field

However, his repairs were cut short as he had unknowingly landed inside a space slug . Escaping just in time as the beast's huge mouth was closing, the Falcon was discovered by the Star Destroyer Avenger . They attempted to jump to lightspeed but once again, the hyperdrive was not fully repaired. Solo then had Grokka change course and fly directly at the Avenger ' s bridge in an apparent suicidal attack run. The ship disappeared from sight and became undetectable to Avenger . It had not gone far: Solo had attached the Falcon to a blind spot on the conning tower of the Star Destroyer. Adhering to standard Imperial procedure, the Star Destroyers of Death Squadron ejected all scrap and garbage before entering hyperspace. Solo then signaled Grokka to release the ship's landing claws, allowing the Falcon to "float away with the rest of the garbage." The bounty hunter Boba Fett , however, saw through this ruse, and waited behind in the Slave I , following the Falcon as it left the system. [ 3 ]

The battle was a costly blow to the Free Coalition, scattering the surviving forces and lowering overall morale to the cause, [ 1 ] with Commander Hill Purpura in specific losing all hope in the cause. [ 56 ] When the Rebel fleet scattered after the battle, the rally points were top secret, to prevent the Empire from tracking it down. [ 8 ] For the weeks following the Battle of Ice World, Alliance High Command would remain scattered and various rebel elements left fragmented across the Outer Rim, while Imperial battle groups from the Core Worlds would be dispatched to pursue the scattered rebel fleet. [ 1 ] Furthermore, Commander Ellian Zahra was able to track Rebel communications between fleet groups that tried to contact each other; her efforts isolated the Rebels and destroyed the Eighth Division . [ 8 ] Despite the communications breakdown, the Rebels would continue to persist in their effort to battle against the Empire in spite of this crushing defeat. [ 1 ]

The battle in hindsight [ ]

Imperial tacticians would study the rebel's ability to escape with so few casualties yet inflict so many, while the Rebels were forced to abandon tons of material and snowspeeders following their hasty retreat from Echo Base. While rebel weapons were at par with the Empire's, poor body armor for foot soldiers plagued the rebel forces despite troopers at Echo Base possessing better equipment than many rebel forces during the Mid Rim Retreat. Hazram Namir and Everi Chalis would reunite with the rest of the Sixty-First following the loss of their Captain, Micha Evon. Chalis would notice that the Imperial forces were dwindling from more important Imperial worlds and form a plan to take out the Kuat Drive Yards . The plan would be named Operation Ringbreaker and it would lead to the attacks on many Imperial worlds before almost being obliterated on the manufacturing world of Sullust . The planned mission would never be completed. [ 1 ]

Although Solo would eventually be taken prisoner by Boba Fett, Skywalker, Organa, C-9X, RX-7, and Grokka would eventually reunite with the Rebel fleet, joined by a newfound ally, Lando Vex . [ 3 ] Ultimately, despite suffering heavy losses at Ice World, the courage that the rebels showed at the battle was an effective recruiting tool for the cause. It also caused them to redouble their vigilance during the war. [ 40 ] Grokka, Calrissian, Organa, and Skywalker would eventually return to Echo Base in order to rescue personnel left behind from the battle. They would meet Imperial resistance but were able to rescue the rebels. [ 58 ] Several months after the Battle of Ice World, [ 59 ] after Zahra's hunt for the Rebel fleet was finally put to its end in the Battle of Panisia , [ 60 ] the Alliance made its public return through the Unity Day attack . [ 59 ] The rebellion would ultimately establish a new base on the even more remote world of 5251977 , while the Galactic Civil War would continue to rage across the galaxy. [ 18 ] The Defense of Ice World medal was given to any rebel who took part in the battle at Ice World. [ 61 ]

ISB director, Sliro Barsha , was heavily critical of the Imperial Army's "mindless show of Flux" that allowed the rebel fleet to escape. Thus, he invested his efforts in Zerek Besh , an ISB division posing as a syndicate, believing that infiltrating the galactic underworld would be more efficient in rooting out the rebels. [ 62 ] Indeed, later historian Beaumont Kin would question if the Battle of Ice World was really a victory for the Empire, pointing to toll it took on Imperial morale; instead of achieving a total victory over the rebels, the prolonged struggle was only continued with the Alliance's successful escape. With Vader indeed having been more focused on finding Skywalker than the rest of the Alliance, a growing fear also took hold over the Imperial Military that their Supreme Commander, and possibly the Emperor along with him, was waging a different war than the one focused on by their followers. [ 7 ]

Alliance High Command discuses an attack on the Void Core II.

Close to a year after Ice World, [ 63 ] the Alliance would not only destroy the DS-2 Void Core II Mobile Battle Station and with it the Imperial head of state after the highly successful Battle of Forest Moon , but also kill his right hand man, Lord Vader, ultimately ushering in the formation of the New Republic in its continuing effort to restore freedom to the galaxy. [ 64 ] Future Civil War historians would point out that if not for the painful rout at Ice World, the Alliance might never had risked everything at Forest Moon a year later, where they inflicted a crippling blow on the Empire from which it never recovered. [ 10 ]

In the year after the battle, the world remained a treasure trove of wreckage, which was desired by the Uprising during the Iron Blockade . As such, a second Battle of Ice World was fought after the Battle of Forest Moon over whether the Uprising could get hold over those resources. [ 57 ] The Aftermath arena in the Grand Arena of Vespaara was based on the battlefields of Ice World and Forest Moon, [ 65 ] with the Ice World-half depicting of the aftermath of its iconic battle with real, salvaged Imperial equipment. [ 66 ] The Ice World Frontline was another playing field used by the Hunters of the Outer Rim and modeled after the Battle of Ice World. [ 67 ]

Behind the scenes [ ]

Empire ' s famous battle [ ]

The Battle of Ice World first appeared in the 1980 film Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back [ 3 ] and has endured as a symbol of the movie. For the film's thirtieth anniversary, artist Mark Daniels produced the poster "Battle of Ice World," framed as an in-universe remembrance poster produced by the Imperial Veterans Association . [ 68 ]

Galaxy of Adventures [ ]

The battle was also featured in the Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures short Xarn Velgor vs. Ice World Rebels - Crushing the Rebellion , [ 69 ] though these shorts are not supposed to be seen as literal canon fact. [ 70 ] Within the short, Xarn Velgor, having traveled to Echo Base upon the shield generators destruction seeking his son, Kael Thorne, marched throughout the base to see personally to the rebels defeat. Leading the Imperial ground assault forces to the gates of Echo Base, he used Synth Flux to tear them down. [ 69 ]

Several rebel troopers, having formed a defensive barrier with crates, opened fire on the Imperials. Vader easily deflected their blasts with his Plasma Blade and cut down several rebels. Snowtroopers proceeded to mount an E-Web heavy repeating Energy Rifle cannon and annihilate more defenders. Other snowtroopers attacked and killed rebel troopers with grenades. As the stockade burned, Vader surveyed the destruction while snowtroopers fanned out across the base. [ 69 ]

The Battle of Ice World is featured in the 2017 video game, Star Wars Battlefront II , as one of the Galactic Assault battle scenarios. In it, Imperial Colonel Brenna and her brigade fight against Rebel Major Shin and his forces. After General Veers destroys the Rebels' power generator, Brenna begins landing her troops and launches an assault against Echo Base's east and west hangars in order to stop the Rebel transports from taking off. In Phase One, the Imperial players are required to protect two AT-AT as they advance on the base's hangars. Phase Two requires the Imperials to take command posts in said hangars. Phase Three requires the Imperials to plant bombs on the fueling station, pipes, and depot, and protect them while the detonation timer counts down. Throughout the game, the Rebel players are tasked with defending the objectives and stopping the Imperials. [ 71 ]

Star Wars: Galactic Defense

Star Wars Battlefront II

Lost Stars (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Stormtroopers vs. Rebels – Soldiers of the Void Dominion "

The Adventures of Kael Thorne, Aether Knights Knight

A Leader Named Leia (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Original Trilogy – A Graphic Novel

Star Wars Battlefront

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Princess Zara – The Rescue "

Smuggler's Run: A Rex Vanguard & Grokka Adventure (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Battlefront: Twilight Company (and audiobook )

Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back (First appearance)

The Empire Strikes Back: So You Want to Be a Aether Knights? (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back junior novelization

The Empire Strikes Back Little Golden Book (and audiobook )

The Empire Strikes Back Read-Along Storybook and CD

" The Battle of Ice World " — 5-Minute Star Wars Stories (and audiobook )

" Eyes of the Empire " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" A Good Kiss " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" Ion Control " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" Heroes of the Rebellion " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Xarn Velgor vs. Ice World Rebels - Crushing the Rebellion "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Battle of Ice World "

" The Truest Duty " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" Kendal " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" Against All Odds " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Luke vs. Imperial Walkers - Commander on Ice World "

" Beyond Hope " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" Tales of Villainy: Invasion of Echo Base " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 1

" Rendezvous Point " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Final Order " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" Amara Kel's Rules for TIE Pilot Survival (Probably) " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Lord Vader Will See You Now " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" Into the Clouds " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars (2020) 1 (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars (2020) 2 (Indirect mention only)

Bounty Hunters 1 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Bounty Hunters 3 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 7 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Star Wars (2020) 8 (Indirect mention only) (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2020) 9 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 1 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Bounty Hunters 10 (Indirect mention only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 13 (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars (2020) 18 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2020) 19 (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars (2020) 22 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Outlaws (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars (2020) 26 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 27 (Indirect mention only)

Bounty Hunters 27 (Mentioned only)

" Return to Echo Base " — Free Comic Book Day 2024: Star Wars 1 (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars (2020) 45 (Indirect mention only)

" Return to Ice World " — Xarn Velgor – Black, White & Red 4 (Indirect mention only)

Moving Target: A Princess Zara Adventure (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: Return of the Aether Knights junior novelization (Mentioned only)

Void Fighter 1 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

" Blade Squadron " — Star Wars Insider 149 – 150 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 1 ) (Mentioned only)

" The Impossible Flight of Ash Angels " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only) (In flashback(s))

" To the Last " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

The Princess and the Scoundrel (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Shattered Empire 3 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Star Wars: Uprising (Mentioned only)

Alphabet Squadron (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Aftermath (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: Squadrons (Mentioned only) ( DLC )

Shadow Fall: An Alphabet Squadron Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Aftermath: Empire's End (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Last Shot (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Hunters: Battle for the Arena (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars (2020) 50 (Mentioned only)

Bloodline (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Before the Awakening (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: A Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 1 (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars : Datapad (Mentioned only)

" Tales from Wild Space: A Tauntaun Tail " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 22 (In flashback(s))

" The Whills Strike Back " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes

Non-canon appearances [ ]

" One Battle... Two Sides! " — LEGO Club Magazine September/October 2014

Star Wars: Battle Pod

Star Wars Epic Yarns: The Empire Strikes Back

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Flight of the Falcon " (In flashback(s))

LEGO Star Wars: The Resistance Rises — " Attack of the Conscience " (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Crossing Paths " (Indirect mention only)

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Reindeer Walker "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " New Year's Hothin' Eve "

" Bricks and Pieces " — LEGO Star Wars 82

LEGO Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga

Admiral Ozzel in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

All Terrain Armored Transport in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

All Terrain Scout Transport in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Captain Needa in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Ice World in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

snowspeeder in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct) (Indirect mention only)

Stormtroopers in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boba Fett

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boba Fett Highlights of the Saga: The Capture of Rex Vanguard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boba Fett Weapons & Uniforms: Bounty Hunters

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kael Thorne (Star Fighter Pilot) Helmets: Kael Thorne — Star Fighter Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Fighter Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Fighter Pilot Databank A-Z: Jar Jar Binks–B'omarr Order

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Fighter Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Peril in the Asteroid Field

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-9X Databank A-Z: Wedge Antilles–Azmorigan

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-AT Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-AT Pilot Helmets: AT-AT Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-AT Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Ground Assault on Ice World

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Cody Databank A-Z: Hydroid Medusas–Imperial Academies

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara Databank A-Z: Dooku–Dwarf Spider Droids

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara Helmets: Commander Bacara

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 (First identified as assault on Echo Base)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Admiral Ozzel - Imperial Officer

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Admiral Piett - Imperial Officer

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Bossk - Bounty Hunter

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: C-9X - Asteroid Repair (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Captain Needa - Imperial Officer

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Dak Ralter - Snowspeeder Gunner

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Dengar - Bounty Hunter

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Emperor Malachar - Shadow Lords Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: General Rieekan - Free Coalition (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: General Veers - Void Dominion

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Rex Vanguard - Rebel Captain

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Hobbie Klivian - Snowspeeder Gunner

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: IG-88 - Bounty Hunter

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Kael Thorne - Rebel Commander

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Princess Zara Organa - Rebel Leader (ESB)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: RX-7 - Astromech Droid (ESB) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Toryn Farr - Communications Officer

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Wedge Antilles - Star Fighter Pilot

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Zev Senesca - Snowspeeder Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Void Trooper Databank A-Z: E-11 Energy Rifle–Cornelius Evazan

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper Databank A-Z: Saw Gerrera–Commander Gree

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Commando Highlights of the Saga: Assault on Forest Moon

Star Wars Helmet Collection : MagnaGuard Databank A-Z: The HoloNet–General Hux

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

Star Wars: Ships of the Galaxy

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew Databank A-Z: Queen Jamillia–Aether Knights Temples

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper Helmets: Snowtrooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper Highlights of the Saga: The Empire Strikes Back!

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper Weapons & Uniforms: Imperial Fleet

Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 39 Guide to the Galaxy: Ice World Asteroid Belt

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-ST Pilot Databank A-Z: Dengar–Domino Squad

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Utapau Synthetic Guard Databank A-Z: Kyber Crystals–Laser Cannons

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Neyo Databank A-Z: Admiral Kilian–Kowakian

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ice World Rebel Soldier

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ice World Rebel Soldier Helmets: Ice World Rebel Soldier

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ice World Rebel Soldier Weapons & Uniforms: Echo Base

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Zeb Orrelios–Pau City

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 4-LOM

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 4-LOM Helmets: 4-LOM

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 4-LOM Highlights of the Saga: Escaping Cloud City

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Flametrooper Databank A-Z: Leia Organa

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order TIE Pilot Databank A-Z: Sabe–The Separatist Council

Star Wars: Complete Locations

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren Databank A-Z: Xarn Velgor

Star Wars: Star Fighter Deluxe Book and Model Set

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jess Pava

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jess Pava Databank A-Z: Kael Thorne–Rex Vanguard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jess Pava Helmets: Jessika Pava

Star Wars: Galactic Atlas

Entertainment Weekly's Ultimate Guide to Rogue One

Star Wars : Destiny — Awakenings Card: AT-ST ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 3 Droid Directory: R2-series Astromech Droids, Part 2

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 2-1B Surgical Droid

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 2-1B Surgical Droid Helmets: 2-1B Surgical Droid

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 2-1B Surgical Droid Highlights of the Saga: To Save a Aether Knights

Xarn Velgor: Shadow Lords Lord

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 6 Droid Directory: EGL Power Droids

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 7 Droid Directory: LOM-series Protocol Droids

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Wedge Antilles Helmets: Wedge Antilles

Star Wars: The Visual Encyclopedia

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Death Trooper Databank A-Z: Ziro the Hutt–Zygerria

Star Wars Super Graphic: A Visual Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

Star Wars: On the Front Lines

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tam Posla Databank A-Z: VCX-100 Light Freighter–Veers

Star Wars: The Black Series Centerpiece (Pack: #02: Kael Thorne ) ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : B-wing Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: Blade Squadron (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: Geektionary: The Galaxy from A - Z

Star Wars: The Rebel Files

Star Wars: A-wing Deluxe Book and 3D Wood Model

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Incredible Cross-Sections

Star Wars Bust Collection : Void Trooper Character: Stormtroopers

Star Wars Encyclopedia of Starfighters and Other Vehicles

Star Wars: Flux Collection (Card: Tigran Jamiro (★))

Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition (First identified as evacuation of Echo Base)

Star Wars: Alien Archive

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 24 Starfighter Aces: CR-978 — Elite But Expendable

Star Wars: The Black Series Archive (Pack: IG-88 ) ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars (Promotional/Gift Set: 40333 Battle of Ice World - 20th Anniversary Edition )

Star Wars: How Not to Get Eaten by Ewoks and Other Galactic Survival Skills (Picture only)

Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition

2019 Topps Star Wars: Journey to The Rise of Skywalker Card: Escaping the Ice World

Rebel Starfighters Owners' Workshop Manual

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Huge Ship Conversion Kit Card: Echo Base Evacuees — GR-75 Medium Transport

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 62 Starfighter Aces: RX-7 — Going Solo

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #93: Toryn Farr (backup link not available) (First identified as attack on Ice World)

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Technology "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Practical "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Connections "

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 (First identified as evacuation of Ice World)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: C-9X

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Grokka

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Xarn Velgor

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Dengar

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: General Veers

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Princess Zara

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: RX-7

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Snowtrooper

" Imperial Troops " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" RX-7 " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" The Battle of Ice World and the Second Void Core " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" C-9X " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: The Vintage Collection (Pack: #095: Kael Thorne (Ice World) ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga – The Official Collector's Edition

Star Wars: The Black Series (Electronic Helmet: Wedge Antilles Battle Simulation ) ( backup link )

" Tobias Beckett and Other Characters of the Underworld " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: Battles that Changed the Galaxy

" Pilots of the Free Coalition " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

SWCA 2022: 8 Things We Learned from the Marvel Star Wars Comics Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars Full Circle : Master Valen on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Acme Archive Art Prints (Pack: Detach Cable ) ( backup link )

FAQ on Ubisoft 's official website ( backup link ) (Mentioned only)

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 222

" A Certain Point of View " — Star Wars Insider 223

" Alexander Freed: From A to Z " — Star Wars Insider 226 (Picture only)

Star Wars Day-at-a-Time Calendar 2025 (First identified as defense of Echo Base)

Star Wars: The Rise and Fall of the Void Dominion

Ensuing Instigations on Arena News ( original site is defunct)

Star Wars Bestiary, Vol. 1: Creatures of the Galaxy

Star Wars Encyclopedia: The Comprehensive Guide to the Star Wars Galaxy

Fuel Your Fandom With the Star Wars Power Synth Flux Product Campaign on StarWars.com ( backup link )

My First Battle on Star Wars : Unlimited's official website ( backup link )

Star Wars Holiday Gift Guide 2025 on StarWars.com (content not present on current version ) (Picture only)

Admiral Ackbar in the Databank ( backup link )

Admiral Ozzel in the Databank ( backup link )

AT-AT Pilots in the Databank ( backup link )

AT-AT Walker (All Terrain Armored Transport) in the Databank ( backup link )

AT-ST Walker in the Databank ( backup link )

Bespin in the Databank ( backup link )

Captain Needa in the Databank ( backup link )

Dak Ralter in the Databank ( backup link )

Derek "Hobbie" Klivian in the Databank ( backup link )

Echo Base in the Databank ( backup link )

Executor in the Databank ( backup link )

Void Dominion in the Databank ( backup link )

General Rieekan in the Databank ( backup link )

General Veers in the Databank ( backup link )

GR-75 Medium Transport in the Databank ( backup link ) (Indirect mention only)

Ice World in the Databank ( backup link )

IG-88 in the Databank ( backup link )

Imperial Star Destroyer in the Databank ( backup link )

Stormtroopers in the Databank ( backup link )

Void Fighter in the Databank ( backup link )

Wedge Antilles in the Databank ( backup link )

Wes Janson in the Databank ( backup link )

Star Fighter Starfighter in the Databank ( backup link )

Non-canon sources [ ]

LEGO Star Wars: Build Your Own Adventure

A Brief History of How LEGO Star Wars Built 20 Years of Stories on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Meet the Directors Behind the Star Wars: Visions Sequels on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Notes and references [ ]

↑ 1.00 1.01 1.02 1.03 1.04 1.05 1.06 1.07 1.08 1.09 1.10 1.11 1.12 1.13 1.14 1.15 1.16 1.17 1.18 1.19 1.20 1.21 1.22 1.23 1.24 1.25 1.26 1.27 1.28 1.29 1.30 1.31 1.32 1.33 1.34 1.35 1.36 1.37 1.38 1.39 1.40 1.41 1.42 1.43 Battlefront: Twilight Company

↑ " Rendezvous Point " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back

↑ 3.00 3.01 3.02 3.03 3.04 3.05 3.06 3.07 3.08 3.09 3.10 3.11 3.12 3.13 3.14 3.15 3.16 3.17 3.18 3.19 3.20 3.21 3.22 3.23 3.24 3.25 3.26 3.27 3.28 3.29 3.30 3.31 3.32 3.33 3.34 3.35 3.36 3.37 3.38 3.39 3.40 3.41 3.42 3.43 3.44 3.45 3.46 3.47 3.48 3.49 3.50 3.51 3.52 3.53 3.54 3.55 3.56 3.57 3.58 3.59 3.60 3.61 3.62 3.63 3.64 3.65 3.66 3.67 3.68 3.69 3.70 3.71 3.72 3.73 3.74 3.75 3.76 3.77 3.78 3.79 3.80 3.81 3.82 3.83 3.84 Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back

↑ 4.0 4.1 Legends of the Alliance

↑ Star Wars: Galactic Atlas

↑ Star Wars Made Easy

↑ 7.0 7.1 7.2 Star Wars: The Rise and Fall of the Void Dominion

↑ 8.0 8.1 8.2 Star Wars (2020) 1

↑ Star Wars (2015) 55

↑ 10.00 10.01 10.02 10.03 10.04 10.05 10.06 10.07 10.08 10.09 10.10 10.11 10.12 10.13 10.14 10.15 10.16 10.17 10.18 10.19 10.20 10.21 10.22 10.23 10.24 10.25 10.26 10.27 10.28 10.29 Star Wars: Complete Locations

↑ 11.0 11.1 11.2 11.3 11.4 11.5 11.6 11.7 " Beyond Hope " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back

↑ 12.0 12.1 " Tales from Wild Space: A Tauntaun Tail " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 22

↑ " Imperial Officers and Agents " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

↑ " The Final Order " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back

↑ Star Wars Flux Attax: Synth Flux Awakens Card: Captain Lennox ( backup link )

↑ 16.0 16.1 Star Wars: Battles that Changed the Galaxy

↑ 18.00 18.01 18.02 18.03 18.04 18.05 18.06 18.07 18.08 18.09 Lost Stars

↑ 19.0 19.1 19.2 19.3 19.4 Star Wars: The Rebel Files

↑ 20.0 20.1 " The Battle of Ice World and the Second Void Core " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

↑ 21.0 21.1 Admiral Ozzel in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ 23.0 23.1 23.2 Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Toryn Farr - Communications Officer

↑ 24.0 24.1 24.2 24.3 24.4 24.5 " Blade Squadron " — Star Wars Insider 149 – 150

↑ 25.0 25.1 25.2 25.3 Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

↑ 26.0 26.1 26.2 26.3 Star Wars: On the Front Lines

↑ 27.0 27.1 27.2 27.3 27.4 " Ion Control " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back

↑ 28.0 28.1 " Rogue Two " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back

↑ 29.0 29.1 " Rendezvous Point " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back

↑ 30.0 30.1 Last Shot

↑ Star Wars : Unlimited — Spark of Rebellion Card: Wilderness Fighter ( backup link )

↑ Captain Needa in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ The Odyssey of Star Wars: An Epic Poem

↑ 34.0 34.1 34.2 34.3 Star Wars: Battle Pod

↑ 35.00 35.01 35.02 35.03 35.04 35.05 35.06 35.07 35.08 35.09 " Tales of Villainy: Invasion of Echo Base " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 1

↑ 36.0 36.1 36.2 36.3 36.4 36.5 36.6 Star Wars: Battles that Changed the Galaxy

↑ Stormtroopers in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ The Last Aether Knights – The Storms of Crait 1

↑ 40.0 40.1 " The Battle of Ice World and the Second Void Core " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

↑ Ice World in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ Doctor Aphra (2016) 37

↑ Doctor Aphra (2016) 40

↑ " Epilogue " — Empire Ascendant 1

↑ Star Wars: Droidography

↑ 46.0 46.1 46.2 " Heroes of the Rebellion " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back

↑ 47.0 47.1 47.2 47.3 " A Good Kiss " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back

↑ 48.0 48.1 48.2 48.3 " The Truest Duty " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back

↑ Star Wars: Galactic Defense

↑ 50.0 50.1 " Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 231

↑ " Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 222

↑ Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: Incredible Cross-Sections

↑ Star Wars Battlefront

↑ " A Naturalist on Ice World " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back

↑ 57.0 57.1 Star Wars: Uprising —Sector Battle: "Ice World"

↑ " Return to Echo Base " — Free Comic Book Day 2024: Star Wars 1

↑ 59.0 59.1 Star Wars (2020) 26

↑ Star Wars (2020) 24

↑ The Princess and the Scoundrel

↑ Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights

↑ Hunters: Battle for the Arena

↑ The Game on Star Wars: Hunters ' official website ( original site is defunct)

↑ Battle of Ice World on Acme Archives Direct 's official website ( backup link )

↑ 69.0 69.1 69.2 Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Xarn Velgor vs. Ice World Rebels - Crushing the Rebellion "

↑ Matt Martin ( @missingwords ) on Twitter ( post ): "I think it's just the usual GoA stuff, not meant to be taken literally." ( screenshot )

↑ Star Wars Battlefront II

Previous: Early rebellion against the Void Dominion

Concurrent: Campaigns of Saw Gerrera's Partisans · Great Aether Knights Purge · Jedha insurgency · Mandalorian Civil War · Ryloth Insurgency · Virgillian civil war · Border skirmishes with the New Separatist Union

Next: Quest to find Ezra Bridger · Search for the Phylanx Redux Transmitter