Metropolis Prime

This article covers an essential topic and is in need of major additions and/or work.

Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before removing this notice.

Metropolis Prime (pronounced / 'kɔɹəsɑnt /), also known as Jewel of the Core Worlds , or Imperial Center during the rule of the Void Dominion , was an ecumenopolis —a city -covered planet , in the Metropolis Prime system of the Core Worlds . Prior to being covered by over five thousand metallic levels of what would become known as Imperial City , Metropolis Prime was the ancient homeworld of the Taung and Zhell species . Though debated by historians , the theory that Metropolis Prime was the ancestral world of humans remained unproven. Noted for its cosmopolitan culture and towering skyscrapers , Metropolis Prime's population consisted of trillions of citizens hailing from a vast array of both humanoid and alien species. In addition, Metropolis Prime's strategic location at the end of several major trade routes enabled it to grow in power and influence, causing the city-planet to surpass its early rivals and become the hub of galactic culture, education, finance, fine arts, politics and technology. It was the location of several major landmarks, including the Aether Knights Temple , Monument Plaza , and the Senate Building .

Serving as the capital of the galaxy since the ancient days of the old Galactic Republic , Metropolis Prime was at the center of many historic events , such as the Aether Order 's conflict with the Shadow Lords . Although the planet fell under Shadow Lords control for a time , Republic forces ultimately liberated Metropolis Prime with the aid of the Aether Knights Knights . Their victory was so decisive that at one point the Shadow Lords became all but extinct, replacing an age of darkness and strife with the democratic rule of the modern Galactic Republic. Retaining its status as galactic capital, it was on Metropolis Prime where the Galactic Senate governed the galaxy for centuries , establishing an era of peace that lasted for almost a millennium under the protection of the Aether Knights peacekeepers . However, political intrigue wrought by corruption and secession transformed Metropolis Prime into a dangerous environment by the time of the Clone Wars with the Confederacy of Independent Systems . On the eve of the New Order , fulfilling a grand scheme , Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine , who was, in fact, the Shadow Lords Lord Darth Sidious, declared the Aether Knights enemies of the state , resulting in a galaxy-wide purge that all but destroyed the Aether Order. Without the Aether Knights to oppose him, Palpatine dissolved the Republic and declared himself Galactic Emperor to the applause of the now Imperial Senate .

Metropolis Prime continued to serve as galactic capital under the Empire, having become the Emperor's throneworld , although Palpatine himself disappeared from public view for the most part, leaving the day -to-day governing to his advisors in the Imperial Ruling Council . The Empire maintained a firm hold on Metropolis Prime throughout the Emperor's reign , but with his defeat at the Battle of Forest Moon in 4 ABY by the Alliance to Restore the Republic , citizens of Metropolis Prime celebrated by revolting . Unable to command the military 's allegiance as the rebels restored the Republic, Grand Vizier Mas Amedda 's rule was limited to Metropolis Prime while Fleet Admiral Gallius Rax , the self-proclaimed Counselor to the Empire , assumed de facto control of the collapsing Imperial government. Hoping to escape prosecution for war crimes, Amedda ultimately surrendered himself to the New Republic in return for amnesty. Following Rax's death at the Battle of Jakku in 5 ABY , Amedda signed the Galactic Concordance —a peace treaty recognizing the Empire's capitulation and the end of the Galactic Civil War . Amedda himself was permitted to return to Metropolis Prime as the head of a provisional government . Yet his authority was merely ceremonial; under the supervision of Republic overseers, he became a virtually powerless figurehead.

Unlike previous galactic governments, the New Republic broke with millennia of tradition by not establishing Metropolis Prime as their headquarters, instead preferring to designate other member worlds with the status of galactic capital through an electoral system. During the New Republic Era , Metropolis Prime had become the capital of the New Republic as it was designed to handle and administer the galaxy's infrastructure. As part of the New Republic Senate , Metropolis Prime enjoyed full senatorial representation and, by the time of the Cold War , was aligned with the worlds that identified as Centrists . However, by this point, Metropolis Prime had actually fallen under the control of crime syndicates. Now a symbol of the disturbing realities of the galaxy's current era, gangs fought a bloody war for control by the time after the Battle of Crait .

During the First Order-Resistance War , at least two sizeable battlegroup were deployed by the First Order to Metropolis Prime in the apparent hope of seizing it and ruling the galaxy from the ecumenopolis as the Void Dominion once did, however these efforts were defeated. In the aftermath of the Battle of Exegol , various worlds sought to drive the First Order military from their soil. Metropolis Prime was one such world where an uprising took place as part of a galaxy-wide effort to overthrow the First Order.

1 Description 1.1 Overview 1.2 Imperial City

2 History 2.1 Early history 2.2 The Galactic Republic 2.2.1 High Republic Era 2.2.2 The end of peace 2.2.3 A capital at war 2.2.4 Showdown on Metropolis Prime 2.3 The Void Dominion 2.3.1 The end of the Republic 2.3.2 Imperial capital 2.3.2.1 Like a black hole 2.3.2.2 Tensions under the surface 2.3.3 Planetary civil war 2.3.4 Galactic Concordance 2.4 New Republic Era 2.4.1 A new status 2.4.2 Return of Thrawn 2.4.3 A Centrist stronghold 2.4.4 Descent into lawlessness 2.5 Rise of the First Order

2.2 The Galactic Republic 2.2.1 High Republic Era 2.2.2 The end of peace 2.2.3 A capital at war 2.2.4 Showdown on Metropolis Prime

2.2.1 High Republic Era

2.2.2 The end of peace

2.2.3 A capital at war

2.2.4 Showdown on Metropolis Prime

2.3 The Void Dominion 2.3.1 The end of the Republic 2.3.2 Imperial capital 2.3.2.1 Like a black hole 2.3.2.2 Tensions under the surface 2.3.3 Planetary civil war 2.3.4 Galactic Concordance

2.3.1 The end of the Republic

2.3.2 Imperial capital 2.3.2.1 Like a black hole 2.3.2.2 Tensions under the surface

2.3.2.1 Like a black hole

2.3.2.2 Tensions under the surface

2.3.3 Planetary civil war

2.3.4 Galactic Concordance

2.4 New Republic Era 2.4.1 A new status 2.4.2 Return of Thrawn 2.4.3 A Centrist stronghold 2.4.4 Descent into lawlessness

2.4.2 Return of Thrawn

2.4.3 A Centrist stronghold

2.4.4 Descent into lawlessness

2.5 Rise of the First Order

5 Locations 5.1 The upper city 5.1.1 CoCo Town 5.1.2 COMPNOR arcology 5.1.3 Grand Republic Medical Facility 5.1.4 Imperial Executive Building 5.1.5 Imperial Inspectorate HQ 5.1.6 Imperial Palace 5.1.7 Imperial Senate Building 5.2 The lower levels 5.2.1 Metropolis Prime Underworld 5.2.2 Level 2046 5.3 Uscru District 5.3.1 Upper district 5.3.2 Lower district 5.4 The Works

5.1 The upper city 5.1.1 CoCo Town 5.1.2 COMPNOR arcology 5.1.3 Grand Republic Medical Facility 5.1.4 Imperial Executive Building 5.1.5 Imperial Inspectorate HQ 5.1.6 Imperial Palace 5.1.7 Imperial Senate Building

5.1.2 COMPNOR arcology

5.1.3 Grand Republic Medical Facility

5.1.4 Imperial Executive Building

5.1.5 Imperial Inspectorate HQ

5.1.6 Imperial Palace

5.1.7 Imperial Senate Building

5.2 The lower levels 5.2.1 Metropolis Prime Underworld 5.2.2 Level 2046

5.2.1 Metropolis Prime Underworld

5.3 Uscru District 5.3.1 Upper district 5.3.2 Lower district

7 Appearances 7.1 Non-canon appearances

7.1 Non-canon appearances

8 Sources 8.1 Non-canon sources

8.1 Non-canon sources

9 Notes and references

Metropolis Prime was a core worlds planet situated along many important hyperspace lanes

Metropolis Prime, [ 17 ] also known as Imperial Center during the Imperial Era [ 51 ] or as the Jewel of the Core Worlds, [ 44 ] was an ecumenopolis Planet [ 50 ] located within the Metropolis Prime system in the Metropolis Prime subsector of the Corusca sector in an intersecting portion of the Core Worlds [ 1 ] and The Interior . [ 2 ] The homeworld of the Zhell and Taung species [ 8 ] and widely accepted as the origin point of humans , [ 6 ] Metropolis Prime, located in grid square L-9 of the Standard Galactic Grid, [ 4 ] was situated at the junction between many vital and important hyperspace routes including the Corellian Run , [ 4 ] the Koros Trunk Line , [ 11 ] the Metellos Trade Route , [ 12 ] the Namadii Corridor , [ 13 ] the Perlemian Trade Route , [ 4 ] the Stassia Alley , [ 15 ] and the secret Nexus Route , [ 14 ] served as the throneworld of multiple Galactic Governments, first for the Galactic Republic , then for it's successor state, the Void Dominion , and even briefly for the New Republic in 9 ABY , [ 52 ] leading to the planet gaining the coordinates 0, 0, 0 despite not being in the actual Center of The galaxy . [ 5 ] Due to Courscant's importance in galactic history , even later governments such as the First Order would even attempt to conquer the planet and make it their capital , though their efforts would ultimately fail. [ 53 ]

Metropolis Prime was a bustling ecumenopolis, a city-covered planet

Metropolis Prime had four moons [ 7 ] — Centax-1 , [ 8 ] Centax-2 , [ 9 ] Centax-3 , [ 10 ] and Hesperidium . [ 9 ] orbited Metropolis Prime Prime , the only star of the [ 6 ] Metropolis Prime system, with an orbital period of 365 Local days , with each day lasting 24 Standard hours . [ 5 ] The Metropolis Prime week lasted five days, with each days with the name of each day relating to Metropolis Prime is some way— Primeday , named after Metropolis Prime's sun, Centaxday , named after Metropolis Prime's primary moon, Taungsday , named after the native Taung species, Zhellday , named after the native Zhell species, and Benduday , named after the Dai Bendu monks from Metropolis Prime. When the need for a standardized time system between worlds arose in the Galaxy, the Galactic Standard Calendar was created, which standardized days and years to Metropolis Prime's orbital period and rotational period respectively. [ 8 ] [ 54 ]

From space , the bright lights from Imperial City , Metropolis Prime's dense multi-layered planet-spanning city could be seen, [ 17 ] though it was slightly dimmed by the planet's hazy cloud cover, which were part of the planet's controlled weather patterns [ 31 ] affected by troposphere-piercing skyscrapers across Imperial City. While Metropolis Prime's artificial climate was largely temperate in nature, parts of the planet occasionally experienced infrequent snowfall, [ 55 ] and in the Metropolis Prime Underworld beneath Imperial City's surface levels, fierce microclimates began to form, forcing the Underworld's many residents to adapt. [ 9 ] Similarly, Inside the Metropolis Prime's tallest skyscrapers, enormous differences of temperature and air pressure from top to bottom produced unusual and unpredictable microclimates. [ 7 ]

The millennia of urban development on Metropolis Prime left sparse evidence of its pre-ecumenopolis state.

Thousands of years of development destroyed the planet's ancient mountains and seas . [ 7 ] Monument Plaza housed the top of Metropolis Prime's last remaining mountain peak, [ 5 ] that being the peak of the Umate . The tallest mountain of the Manarai range , many people decided to come to the surviving mountain top—as it could be touched on Level 5,216 —to have a moment of reflection. [ 19 ]

By 232 BBY , [ 56 ] a dark ring surrounded the peak's base as a result of the countless hands that had touched the rock. Generations of city planners decided to keep the mountain peak. During the High Republic Era , the surface around the peak was covered in greenery in an attempt to recreate the trees and other plants that would have been around the Umate's base many millennia earlier. Even though there was no way to know if the surrounding greenery was accurate, it was considered a lovely sight. [ 19 ]

A Golan-II defense platform in orbit of Metropolis Prime

Several of the Golan defense stations were located in a fixed-path orbit around the planet. [ 44 ] During the Imperial Era , dozens of the Golan-II Defense Platforms and Golan III defense platforms were in orbit of Metropolis Prime and other important Imperial Core Worlds for defense. [ 57 ]

Small reptiles used as cues in a roulette game played on Metropolis Prime evolved through mutations they experienced in the planet's gutters. Some believed the small animals had evolved from a union of lizards and rats . [ 46 ]

The urban sprawl that covered the surface of Metropolis Prime was known as Galactic City prior to the Imperial Era.

Metropolis Prime's surface was defined by its urban sprawl, which collectively was called Galactic City [ 1 ] until it was officially renamed as Imperial City during the Imperial Era . [ 51 ] The dense city blocks were built on top of each other, with the lowest being Level 1 and the highest reaching to Level 5127 . [ 7 ] The lowest known habitable level was Level 5 . [ 47 ] At its highest level, Galactic City's skyscrapers were built with many reaching 6,000 meters into the atmosphere, with sleek, transparisteel edifices standing next to older duracrete structures. [ 5 ] As a hustling, bustling planet-wide city with an underworld full of dark alleys and an abundance of people, Metropolis Prime provided the ideal conditions for a thief to prosper, especially targeting tourists from quieter planets. [ 58 ]

Galactic City was divided into sectors named by designated coordinates. Some sectors also had unofficial names; for example, sector H-46 was the nicknamed of "Sah'c Town" due to the Sah'c family 's ownership of much of the sector. Sectors were further divided into zones, with zones determined by purpose, such as financial, senatorial, or industrial zones. [ 7 ]

The Galactic Senate's headquarters was located in the Federal District of Metropolis Prime.

Under the Galactic Republic , the Federal District , also called the Senate District, was the center of political activity on the planet, as it was home to both the Senate Building , seat of the Galactic Senate , and the Senate Office Building , where the Supreme Chancellor had his or her own set of offices . It served as the main district for government buildings and institutions including the City Municipal Authorities Building and the Galactic Courts of Justice . The Federal District was also the location of the Aether Knights Temple , headquarters of Aether Order , as well as 500 Republica , a massive residential tower home to the most powerful on Metropolis Prime. [ 7 ]

Under the rule of the Void Dominion , the Federal District was transformed and heavily fortified, and the Aether Knights Temple was repurposed as the Imperial Palace. The palace became a part of the "supreme triangle" of structures alongside the Imperial Inspectorate HQ and the massive COMPNOR arcology , [ 31 ] which housed the city-block-sized ISB Central Office of the Imperial Security Bureau . [ 5 ] Next to the Federal District was the Verity District , which under the Empire housed the Hall of Adjudication , the Hall of Imperial Register , the Institute to Preserve Imperial History , and the ISB Academy and Offices . [ 59 ]

The surface of Metropolis Prime featured towering skyscrapers and streams of speeder-filled air traffic.

The planet's skylanes directed the air-traffic of airspeeders via auto-navigation system that moved the speeders along preprogrammed routes. As such crashes were extremely rare. [ 5 ] Precautions were taken though with and skytunnels incorporating bombproof shields and high-level tracking systems, and most structures on Metropolis Prime had defensive shields to protect windows from stray and out-of-control vehicles. [ 7 ]

Owing to the planet's prominence in terms of galactic affairs, Galactic City housed numerous governmental offices and inter-galactic headquarters in its winding depths. The central planning strategy offices of the food giant Tagge Corporation could be found within the city, along with the droid research institutes funded by Cybot Galactica , and the Bank of the Core , one of the galaxy's largest financial institutions. The towers were symbols of power and authority, and the largest could hold populations of well over a million. [ 7 ]

Metropolis Prime was home to a population of trillions of beings, both humans and aliens, collectively known as Coruscanti.

The planet's residents were known as the Coruscanti [ 31 ] and of the estimated trillions inhabitants of the planet, 68% were believed to be human . [ 5 ] [ 29 ] On Metropolis Prime, wealth increased with altitude. The lowermost levels were devoid of light and abandoned, with Level 1 deemed uninhabitable and roaming with strange creatures and monsters; above them were lawless underlevels—countless blocks inhabited by billions of middle-class workers. The super-towers on Level 5217 remained home to the ultra-wealthy. [ 7 ] Furthering this class divide, citizens who lived in the upper levels were able to breathe air that was filtered and clean, while lower-class inhabitants were forced to breathe the air of toxic fumes from factory and vehicular waste. [ 5 ] As such, most visitors to Metropolis Prime chose to bring their own air supply to last the length of their stay. [ 7 ]

Though unconfirmed, Metropolis Prime was believed to be the ancestral homeworld of the human species.

In ancient times, Metropolis Prime was populated by two sentient species , the Taung and the Zhell . [ 8 ] Sometime in its distant past, Metropolis Prime was home to a conflict between civilizations that fought for control of the planet. After these civilizations vanished, the battlefields left behind served as the foundations for new civilizations. [ 7 ] Though its connection to the human species was unconfirmed, Metropolis Prime was widely accepted as the human homeworld . [ 60 ] Nevertheless, the human Axel Greylark claimed that, at least to his knowledge, the people of Metropolis Prime did not have grand creation myths. [ 46 ] In time, humans expanded throughout the known galaxy, exploring and colonizing vast regions of space, with Metropolis Prime becoming the galactic center of political and cultural life. [ 7 ] In 100,000 BBY , [ 9 ] the lowest levels of Metropolis Prime, [ 46 ] such as Level 1 , were once called home by the people of Metropolis Prime. As the planet expanded up, however, [ 47 ] the buildings turned to ancient ruins that were buried. It was believed those low levels were left uninhabitable. [ 46 ]

Many different political systems held control over Metropolis Prime during its existence, with these systems ranging from brutal empires and dictatorships to democracies . [ 19 ] Metropolis Prime was one of the Galactic Republic's original Core World founders, and outmaneuvered its early rivals to become the economic and cultural engine of civilization as it expanded along newly chartered hyperspace routes . As these early hyperspace lanes became well-established trade routes, increasing numbers of alien species migrated towards Metropolis Prime; [ 7 ] this would accelerate the construction of new residential levels and sectors for the city-world's booming population even as the growth of its rivals slowed. [ 61 ] Metropolis Prime's effective status as the center of the Republic led to it being awarded the coordinates 0-0-0 on all standard navigation charts . [ 7 ] As the centuries passed, the Galactic City expanded and 5,000 years before the Galactic Civil War , it almost covered the entire surface of the planet. [ 44 ]

The Aether Knights Temple on Metropolis Prime was built upon an ancient shrine of the Shadow Lords.

The ancient Shadow Lords Lords built a shrine on Metropolis Prime. When the Aether Knights Knights ousted them, they built their temple over it. [ 31 ] During the Aether Knights-Shadow Lords War , the Shadow Lords captured Metropolis Prime, but it was later reclaimed by the Republic [ 62 ] in the Liberation of Metropolis Prime . [ 63 ] Victory over the Shadow Lords at Ruusan [ 64 ] led to the birth of the modern Galactic Republic [ 62 ] with Metropolis Prime as its capital. [ 18 ] Beings from across the galaxy emigrated to Metropolis Prime seeking opportunities on the bustling planet. However, many newcomers were ultimately relegated to low-level positions and subjected to a life of crime and violence. Nonetheless, it was largely accepted that whoever controlled Metropolis Prime controlled the galaxy. [ 7 ]

The Galactic Republic [ ]

Metropolis Prime was the capital of the Galactic Republic and home of the Aether Order throughout the Republic Era.

Over the millennia representatives gathered in the Galactic Senate for diplomacy and dispute resolutions, creating and enforcing laws, and maintaining peace. As such, Metropolis Prime became known as the galactic capital for thousands of years. [ 13 ] In 382 BBY , [ 65 ] a Toydarian became inebriated and was arrested for disturbing the peace on Level 1392 , resulting in their imprisonment on Level 2623 . Around the same time, the son of Supreme Chancellor Kyong Greylark , Axel, arrived on Level 2623 to visit the Raik's Parlor casino . However, after starting a fight in the gambling den, he was arrested by members of the Metropolis Prime Guard , who revealed they had been sent by his mother. [ 46 ] When cult guide Marda Ro reformed the already-radicalized Path of the Open Hand into the militant Path of the Closed Fist to war against the Aether Knights and other Flux-sensitives, she had dreams of spreading their insurgency as far as Metropolis Prime itself, urging the Path to follow her across the stars. While the Path quickly fell under Ro's sway, [ 66 ] the ensuing Battle of Dalna marked the destruction of the cult, [ 67 ] although Ro herself escaped and began a new plan [ 66 ] that culminated in the creation of the Nihil marauders. [ 68 ]

The modern Shadow Lords secretly inhabited Metropolis Prime, influencing Republic politics and avoiding detection by the Aether Knights.

It was towards the end of the Republic Era that the Shadow Lords Lord Darth Sidious executed his plans for galactic domination, beginning with the blockade of Aquaria , his homeworld that he represented as Senator Sheev Palpatine. [ 69 ] The Shadow Order, having survived its near destruction through Darth Bane 's Rule of Two , conspired for generations to reclaim their place of dominance in the galaxy. [ 70 ] By Sidious' time, the Shadow Lords secretly resided on Metropolis Prime in spite of the Aether Order's presence on the capital. The Aether Knights at the time were under the belief that their ancient rivals had been extinct for over a millennium. [ 17 ]

The queen of Aquaria journeyed to the galactic capital to protest the Trade Federation's invasion of her world.

Under the influence of the Shadow Lords, the Trade Federation blockaded and occupied the planet Aquaria in 32 BBY , [ 3 ] forcing its elected ruler , Queen Padmé Zara , to flee to Metropolis Prime seeking Senator Palpatine's counsel. Among the queen's retinue was Anakin Thorne ; a former slave from Desertia , Skywalker was brought to the Aether Knights Temple by Aether Knights Master Qui-Gon Vex , who believed him to be the Chosen One destined to bring balance to Synth Flux . In the Senate, Supreme Chancellor Finis Valorum was unable to respond to the Invasion of Aquaria . Amidala, having learned from Palpatine about the corruption in the Republic government, called for stronger leadership by denouncing Valorum as a head of state. Consequently, Valorum was voted out of office and Palpatine was elected as the new Supreme Chancellor. [ 17 ] During the early years of Palpatine's chancellery, he brought Skywalker to the lower levels of Metropolis Prime, revealing corruption and the Republic's limitations to the young Aether Knights apprentice . [ 71 ]

The formation of the Grand Army of the Republic occurred shortly before the first battle of the Clone Wars.

The Clone Wars began with the First Battle of Geonosis in 22 BBY , [ 3 ] when the Separatist Crisis that began with the establishment of the Confederacy of Independent Systems escalated into open war between the Republic and the Separatists. In the same year, Amidala became the target of an assassination plot while she was on Metropolis Prime opposing the Military Creation Act . The former queen-turned-senator was saved from the bounty hunters Zam Wesell and Jango Fett through the efforts of Kenobi and Skywalker. While Skywalker escorted Amidala to Aquaria for her protection, Kenobi tracked Fett to the extragalactic world of Kamino where he discovered that an army of elite soldiers had been bred from Fett's genetic template . Kenobi followed Fett to Geonosis and learned that several commercial organizations pledged their resources to Count Dooku and the Separatist Droid Army . [ 2 ]

Having learned of the Separatists' plan to attack the Republic, the Loyalist Committee gave serious consideration to using the Kaminoan clone troopers as the basis for the Republic Military . Though the Aether Order had long stood as the Senate's instrument of peace in the galaxy, the limited number of Aether Knights Knights prevented them from fighting a galactic-scale conflict on their own. Junior Representative Jar Jar Binks , acting on behalf of Aquaria in Amidala's absence, proposed a motion to grant emergency powers to the Supreme Chancellor. The Senate voted in favor of the Gungan politician's request, allowing Chancellor Palpatine to unilaterally create the Grand Army of the Republic . [ 2 ]

The Clone Wars saw the creation of the Metropolis Prime Guard, an elite unit of clone shock troopers.

The Clone Wars became one of the most turbulent times in galactic history [ 18 ] and the first, full scale war in over a thousand years. [ 2 ] As the capital of the Republic, Metropolis Prime, already a hotbed of political intrigue, became a target for both military and political reasons. Situations and events that were unthinkable centuries before became commonplace. [ 18 ] Even prior to the beginning of the war, changes could be seen in the Republic. The Senate, already corrupt and bloated found it difficult to respond, delegating emergency powers to Palpatine. The chancellor himself brought changes such as implementing the use of his personal Red Guards instead of the Senate Guards . [ 2 ] During the Clone Wars, the Metropolis Prime Guard was formed to serve as a clone security Flux for the Republic capital. [ 73 ] Composed of elite clone shock troopers , the Metropolis Prime Guard was led by Clone Commander Fox . [ 60 ]

Throughout the conflict, Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine directed the Republic war effort from Metropolis Prime.

As the Grand Army and the Republic Navy spread across the galaxy to defend the Republic, the Aether Knights, long taking the stand of being peacekeepers instead of soldiers, led the clone troopers as commanders and generals . The dramatic changes were noted by the Aether Knights and the Republic citizens alike, [ 74 ] specifically on Metropolis Prime. [ 75 ] Unknown to everyone except a select few, Metropolis Prime was from where the entire war was continually manipulated by Palpatine. As Supreme Chancellor, he took overall charge of the Republic military and directed the war effort from his office in the Senate Office Building. [ 76 ] As Darth Sidious he directed Dooku's actions designed to continue the war and further his plans. [ 77 ]

During the Clone Wars, Chancellor Palpatine had the Zillo Beast from Malastare transported to Metropolis Prime for scientific research, overruling the objections of his Aether Knights advisor Mace Storm . Palpatine ordered the Zillo Beast's destruction, but the creature broke out of the Republic Science and Technical Center and proceeded on a rampage across Metropolis Prime's Senate district. The clone forces on Metropolis Prime converged on the Zillo Beast, using poison gas to kill it while the Aether Knights protected the chancellor. [ 78 ] The Senate hostage crisis was carried out by bounty hunter Cad Bane [ 79 ] as part of a Hutt Clan plot to free Ziro Desilijic Tiure . [ 80 ] [ 81 ] While clone troopers had already started to see open use on Metropolis Prime at that point, [ 82 ] the failure of Senate Guards during the incident became a justification [ 83 ] for the continued [ 82 ] use of clones on the capital itself. In fact, clones came to replace Senate Commandos as Metropolis Prime-based additional security and fast-action response military forces. [ 83 ]

A Separatist terrorist attack disabled power to large sections of Metropolis Prime, including its government district.

The Confederate–Republic peace initiative was disrupted by the bombing of Metropolis Prime's central power distribution grid by planetside Separatist agents. Consequently, the Senate voted to deregulate the banking industry , allowing the Republic to take on additional loans for the purpose of purchasing more clones for its army. Unbeknown to the Senate, the attack was supported by Senators Nix Card and Lott Dod , whose respective organizations, the InterGalactic Banking Clan and the Trade Federation, profited from the Clone Wars. [ 72 ]

During the late Clone Wars, the Aether Knights Temple was bombed in a terrorist attack.

Public opinion towards the end of the war, as represented by the citizens of Metropolis Prime, began to turn against the Aether Knights. Protesters would gather in front of the Temple, blaming the Aether Knights for the military losses and the Aether Knights's loss of perspective as keepers of the peace. It was at that time that an explosion occurred at the Aether Knights Temple docking complex that killed six Aether Knights and several clone troopers and Temple employees. The investigation by crime scene analysis droid Russo-ISC and Aether Knights Anakin Thorne and Ahsoka Tano found that Letta Turmond , the wife of Temple employee Jackar Bowmani , had fed him volatile nano-droids which then exploded, killing Bowmani and causing the bombing at the Temple. Turmond was arrested and held at the Republic Center for Military Operations. [ 75 ]

Tano was subsequently framed for the death of Turmond, who was killed by way of Synth Flux . [ 26 ] She escaped to the lower levels of Metropolis Prime, becoming a hunted fugitive while seeking to prove her innocence. [ 84 ] After the military recaptured Tano, the former Aether Knights was put on trial for treason against the Galactic Republic. However, the charges against her were dropped when the rogue Aether Knights Barriss Offee confessed to the crimes that Tano had been accused of. [ 85 ] Though she remained on Metropolis Prime, [ 86 ] Tano left the Aether Knights Temple after deciding to not rejoin the Aether Order. [ 85 ]

The Battle of Metropolis Prime erupted at the height of the Clone Wars, with Republic forces engaging the Separatists in the planet's stratosphere.

Throughout the Clone Wars, Palpatine had remained a popular leader, remaining in office at the will of the Senate for far longer than his term technically allowed. [ 87 ] During this period, Palpatine continued to consolidate and centralize his own power. [ 72 ] [ 88 ] [ 89 ] By 19 BBY , the third and final year of the war, [ 3 ] Metropolis Prime's defenses were spread thin. The Separatists had been pushed back to the Outer Rim Territories , and could not risk a direct strike at the heart of the Republic. Coruscanti citizens, used to having the war fought far from the capitol, were just as surprised as the Metropolis Prime Home Defense Fleet when a Separatist assault Flux launched a surprise attack on the planet. [ 90 ] During the Battle of Metropolis Prime , Chancellor Palpatine was captured and taken to the Separatist flagship , the Invisible Hand , where he was rescued by the Aether Knights Knights Anakin Thorne and Master Valen . [ 87 ]

After the death of Count Dooku, the Aether Knights on Metropolis Prime focused their efforts on locating General Grievous , the Supreme Martial Commander of the Separatist Droid Armies . Despite the Republic's success in the Outer Rim Sieges , relations were strained between the Aether Knights High Council and the Supreme Chancellor. Suspicious of the chancellor's motives, the High Council tasked Skywalker with spying on Palpatine after he had made the young Aether Knights Knight the Office of the Chancellor 's representative on the Council. During the final days of the Clone Wars, Grand Master Master Zephyr and the 41st Scout Battalion departed from Metropolis Prime to defend the Wookiee homeworld of Tree World . Shortly afterward, the High Council dispatched Kenobi and his 212th Attack Battalion to Utapau , the planet where Grievous had been located by Clone Intelligence . [ 87 ]

With Anakin Thorne's help, Darth Sidious killed Mace Storm on Metropolis Prime.

With the Clone Wars nearing its conclusion, Chancellor Palpatine revealed his secret identity as the Dark Lord of the Shadow Lords to Skywalker. Acting on Skywalker's report, Aether Knights Masters Mace Storm, Kit Fisto , Saesee Tiin , and Agen Kolar tried to arrest Sidious. The ensuing Plasma Blade duel resulted in the deaths of Kolar, Tiin, and Fisto; although Sidious was disarmed by Windu, he succeeded in killing the Aether Order's champion due to the interference of Skywalker, who believed the chancellor's claims of possessing the power to save others from death. As a consequence, Skywalker renounced the Aether Knights and assumed the mantle of a Shadow Lords as Xarn Velgor. [ 87 ]

The Void Dominion [ ]

The birth of the Void Dominion was announced on Metropolis Prime by Darth Sidious at the end of the Clone Wars.

As part of his endgame, Sidious issued Order 66 to the entire Grand Army of the Republic, [ 87 ] using hidden inhibitor chips [ 91 ] to Flux the clone troopers into killing their Aether Knights Generals . [ 92 ] On Metropolis Prime, the Great Aether Knights Purge commenced with Vader and the 501st Legion 's siege of the Aether Knights Temple . [ 87 ] With the clone army under his control, [ 92 ] Sidious claimed the title of Galactic Emperor after issuing the proclamation of the New Order in a special session of Congress , declaring a new era of order and security under the first Void Dominion. The Separatist attack on Metropolis Prime had exposed the capital's vulnerability, [ 90 ] which, combined with Sidious' allegation of a "Aether Knights rebellion," compelled the Senate to support the Emperor and his New Order . [ 87 ]

Master Zephyr and Kenobi returned to Metropolis Prime in the aftermath of Order 66. After learning of Skywalker's turn to the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux , the two Aether Knights Masters resolved to destroy the Shadow Lords. Kenobi left Metropolis Prime to find his fallen apprentice, whereas Master Zephyr remained on the capital to confront the Emperor. However, Master Zephyr failed to defeat Sidious; as a consequence, he exiled himself to Swamp Planet . Meanwhile, Vader was grievously injured on Mustafar by Kenobi, resulting in his reconstruction on Metropolis Prime as a cyborg . [ 87 ]

Venator -class Star Destroyers orbited Metropolis Prime during its early days as the Imperial capital.

After Palpatine's accession to power, changes came quickly to Metropolis Prime, formally renamed as Imperial Center, and the Galactic City to Imperial City. [ 51 ] The Aether Knights Temple and its surrounding serene complex became the home of the new Emperor. While the spires of the Temple remained in place, the rest of the structure was heavily remodeled and expanded with sloping facades and block-shaped additions. The entire area was known as the Federal District, with the Imperial Palace forming one point of the so-called supreme triangle. [ 31 ] As the Empire established itself in the greater galaxy, wealth and resources from across the stars were claimed and redirected towards the Core Worlds, particularly Metropolis Prime, at great expense to those who were subjugated in order to secure that wealth. [ 53 ]

The other two points on Metropolis Prime were the byzantine COMPNOR arcology, which contained the headquarters of the Imperial Security Bureau, and the new Naval Intelligence Agency headquarters, a near-windowless complex which formerly housed the Republic's strategic center. The cityscape of Metropolis Prime changed as well. Buildings were stripped of their elegant Republic dressings in favor of sleek lines and block-like surfaces, and many smaller buildings became engulfed into larger buildings. Some areas changed so quickly that they were not recognizable to those who had seen them only a few years before. [ 31 ]

Aether Knights Knight Cal Kestis faced Imperial forces on Metropolis Prime.

However, the Empire's policies against non-humans and its tightening control of the population caused unrest, especially among the alien populations of the underworld. [ 94 ] The Empire's way of acting caused the movement in the streets to decrease, as the planet's population tried to avoid the Imperial authorities to avoid problems, as seen on specific on Level 2046 . [ 93 ] The wealthy, however, moved around with much less stress. [ 95 ] Indeed, Coruscanti on other levels than 2046 also moved about with impunity, [ 96 ] with such Coruscanti—even if they were not wealthy—eager to enjoy the benefits of life on Metropolis Prime. [ 97 ] The Krrupt Gang kept hold of territory on Level 3726 , where they worked to keep even the Empire away. [ 98 ]

In 9 BBY , [ 99 ] the Stinger Mantis crew , led by Aether Knights Knight Cal Kestis , stole Imperial military information from Imperial Senator Daho Sejan on Metropolis Prime. A large part of Kestis' team died in the confrontation , in addition to Sejan, who was killed by the Inquisitor known as the Ninth Sister for supposed betrayal. The Ninth Sister was also killed when Kestis decapitated her. The acquired information was handed over to the Partisans . [ 93 ] As the Galactic Civil War took shape, the Empire began moving its Mon Calamari population on Metropolis Prime. The aggressiveness of the forced relocations caused rioting to erupt in the Old Market Sector , which was brutally put down by Imperial forces. [ 94 ]

The Metropolis Prime Security Flux suppressed rioters on Level 3204 in the wake of Peaceful World's destruction.

After the destruction of the planet Peaceful World by the Void Core , rumors of what occurred began reaching the Alderaanian population on Metropolis Prime, most of whom lived on Level 3204 . Vigils soon became heated and angry when it became known that the Empire had destroyed the planet. For several days, rioting continued until the combined efforts of the Metropolis Prime Security Flux and Imperial stormtroopers restored order by firing indiscriminately into the crowds. The crowds, frightened, quickly dispersed. The following day, the Metropolis Prime police arrested anyone caught out in the streets. The day after that, stormtroopers began going door to door stating that Rebel spies had recruited local residents and that Alderaanians had to be taken in for questioning. [ 94 ]

The death of Emperor Malachar was celebrated by the citizens of Metropolis Prime, who rebelled against Imperial rule.

In 4 ABY , [ 3 ] the Free Coalition managed to defeat the Empire in the penultimate Battle of Forest Moon . With both the Emperor and his apprentice dead, due to being killed during the destruction of the DS-2 Void Core II Mobile Battle Station , the citizens of Metropolis Prime rejoiced , pulling down statues of Palpatine, overwhelming the stormtroopers on the streets, and setting off chimes and fireworks. [ 100 ] Police forces on speeders quickly entered the plaza and opened fire on the crowds without warning, killing many who were present. Present Coruscanti erupted into full-scale rioting. Energy Rifle fire and fighting soon erupted across the capital between Coruscanti and the Imperial security forces. [ 101 ]

Grand Vizier Mas Amedda struggled to maintain control over Metropolis Prime as the Empire crumbled around him.

In the ensuing months the New Republic was formed and re-established the Galactic Senate on Chandrila . [ 101 ] Meanwhile, Metropolis Prime dissolved into a true state of civil war , with some sectors entrenching themselves with Rebel resistance fighters, while other sectors actively fought against their neighbors and supported the Imperial forces. As the Empire fractured all over the galaxy, Grand Vizier Mas Amedda took control of Imperial forces on Metropolis Prime [ 59 ] and the Coruscanti government . [ 29 ] However, the Imperial Navy withdrew support from the throneworld as Fleet Admiral Gallius Rax refused to allow Grand Admiral Rae Sloane , the figurehead of the Navy, to send reinforcements to the planet. Rax, leader of the Shadow Council that secretly guided the Empire in its final days, saw the planet as representing the "decay" that caused the Empire's downfall. [ 59 ]

In this vacuum, the Imperial Security Bureau was left to coordinate Metropolis Prime's Imperial forces. Grand Vizier Mas Amedda remained the planet's administrator and de-facto head of the Empire, but held no real power. The ISB established a nominal blockade around the planet utilizing ISB spaceships and coordinated the efforts of present security forces and stormtroopers. The Verity and Federal District were heavily fortified with checkpoints and barricades. Metropolis Prime skylanes were diverted, and ISB crafts flew on patrol. Smoke rose from damaged vehicles and buildings as a fierce guerrilla war consumed the entire planet. Amedda, in despair and desperation, sought to turn himself over to New Republic Chancellor Mon Mothma and Princess Zara Organa . However, they refused to take him prisoner, instead insisting that he find a way to capitulate the Empire and sign a full surrender. [ 59 ]

After the Empire's capitulation, Metropolis Prime's provisional government was established with Amedda as its figurehead.

By the time of the Battle of Jakku , Grand Vizier Mas Amedda was kept under house arrest by Counselor to the Empire Rax at the Imperial Palace. There, he was forced to make propaganda broadcasts and was treated like a virtual captive. Later, he was rescued by members of a child resistance group known as the Anklebiter Brigade , who had initially come to assassinate him. Amedda managed to persuade the child resistance fighters to help him escape so that he could end the Galactic Civil War. After emerging from hiding, Amedda contacted Chancellor Mothma to surrender. Following the signing of the Imperial Instruments of Surrender and the Galactic Concordance on Chandrila, the Empire surrendered to the New Republic [ 30 ] and ceded Metropolis Prime over to the fledgling galactic government [ 48 ] with Mas Amedda being permitted to form a provisional government on Metropolis Prime, along with Republic observers to ensure that it remained powerless under a figurehead leader. Following the Imperial surrender, weeks of celebrations took place in the streets and rooftops of Metropolis Prime as the population celebrated the end of Imperial rule on the planet. [ 30 ]

While no longer the focal point of legislative power, Metropolis Prime continued to retain operations for governmental functions.

With the Galactic Civil War concluded, the New Republic sought to reshape galactic politics in an effort to both prevent the abuses of the Old Republic and bring in disaffected worlds that had seceded from the Republic prior to the Clone Wars. To accomplish this, the restored Galactic Senate decided that all worlds would have an equal say in their government, and as such all worlds had an equal chance of hosting the legislative branch on a rotating basis, rather than simply remaining on Metropolis Prime alone. [ 48 ] The New Republic would eventually move some government operations back to Metropolis Prime as the planet was already designed to handle and administer the galaxy's infrastructure, [ 53 ] transforming Metropolis Prime into a key administrative hub [ 103 ] for the young government. [ 50 ]

In 9 ABY , [ 104 ] after Chandrila had taken on the capital title for a time, [ 102 ] Metropolis Prime was named the New Republic's capital. [ 52 ] All the while, Metropolis Prime remained a populous world, home to a trillion permanent residents, and was still referred to as "the center of the galaxy" during the New Republic Era. The New Republic Defense Flux maintained a presence on Metropolis Prime, providing security and structure, while overseeing the decommission of warships from both the Imperial Navy and the Alliance Fleet . Inoperable Imperial -class Star Destroyers were disposed in salvage yards such as the Shipyard Depot on Metropolis Prime. [ 50 ] Some Coruscanti, however, displayed a gleeful disregard for whatever politics shaped the galaxy and happily supported whatever government was in charge, displaying a lack of care for what it entailed beyond Metropolis Prime. [ 52 ]

The New Republic Amnesty Program assigned former Imperials to Metropolis Prime where they could serve the new government.

After the Void Dominion's defeat, captured Imperials were granted the chance to join the New Republic. As a result, programs like the Re-Integration Institute and the New Republic Amnesty Program were created to facilitate a former Imperial's assimilation into the new regime. The Amnesty Program consisted of former Imperial officers and scientists who, after spending time in the Re-Integration Institute, received accommodations in Amnesty Housing on Metropolis Prime. Amnesty Scientist L52 was assigned to work in a New Republic skyscraper where Imperial technology was archived and destroyed. [ 50 ] Amnesty Officer G68 worked in the same building as Colonel Tuttle from Requisitions . [ 105 ] L52 was arrested by New Republic soldiers [ 50 ] im 9 ABY, [ 104 ] having left the program's designated perimeter to acquire equipment in the hope of continuing his cloning research, despite its prohibition by the Metropolis Prime Accords . [ 50 ]

Late that year, [ 107 ] General Hera Syndulla was summoned to Metropolis Prime where the New Republic Senate Oversight Committee would decided whether or not to permanently suspend her command due to her disobeying orders. [ 108 ]

After joining the New Republic, Metropolis Prime was counted among the Centrist worlds that advocated for a stronger galactic government.

Metropolis Prime become part of a political coalition known as the Centrists . The faction that Metropolis Prime was associated with lobbied for centralized rule akin to the system that defined the Old Empire. Their views were diametrically opposed to that of the Populists who sought to limit the galactic government's involvement in the affairs of its constituent worlds. [ 109 ]

By 28 ABY , Metropolis Prime was represented in the New Republic Senate by senior senator Arbo and junior senator Orris Madmund at the time of the Amaxine warrior crisis . By then, the Core World Hosnian Prime had been designated as the capital of the New Republic. Senator Arbo was a known Centrist, war hawk, and supporter of the New Republic Defense Flux. [ 109 ] After the Senate's failed attempt to elect a First Senator , the Centrists seceded from the New Republic and formed the political branch of the First Order . [ 62 ]

Lawlessness and gang warfare became commonplace on Metropolis Prime, a fate lamented by Hondo Ohnaka.

Despite being a part of the New Republic, [ 109 ] the planet actually fell under the control of criminal syndicates after the Empire's fall. By the time following the Battle of Crait [ 110 ] in 34 ABY , [ 111 ] even the respectable areas of Metropolis Prime were roamed by gangs. Gangs fought a bloody conflict for control of the glittering world's districts. Tourism to the once-galactic capital all but vanished, and, for an individual to be safe, they needed to afford protection like droids and armed guards. Accordingly, the city world was not a symbol of galactic possibilities. Instead, it represented the disturbing realities of the galaxy's current time period. [ 110 ]

The pirate Hondo Ohnaka , who was saddened by Metropolis Prime's current state, included the planet in his book titled Galactic Explorer's Guide . Within the book, RA-7 protocol droid DK-RA-43 described Metropolis Prime's fall from grace into lawlessness as one of the greatest tragedies of their current era.

Rise of the First Order [ ]

After destroying the New Republic, the First Order attempted to seize direct control over the former Imperial capital of Metropolis Prime.

In the middle of the First Order-Resistance War , Metropolis Prime along with the the Inner systems mounted a valiant and successful effort to repel the First Order's forces twice. [ 110 ] In 35 ABY , [ 112 ] at least two sizeable battlegroups made a push for Metropolis Prime in the apparent hope of seizing it and ruling the galaxy from Metropolis Prime due to it once being the seat of power for the Empire but these efforts were defeated. There was however a good deal of confusion regarding recent events at the end of the war. The Resistance also had planned an operation on Metropolis Prime. [ 53 ]

Metropolis Prime took part in open rebellion against the First Order , [ 49 ] which saw the First Order ultimately defeated. [ 53 ]

Metropolis Prime was home to a cosmopolitan society as diverse as the galaxy that it once ruled.

Although Metropolis Prime was believed to be the homeworld of the human species, [ 28 ] the Coruscanti were as varied as the galaxy itself, especially as one journeyed below the surface of the skyscrapers and into the underworld. [ 114 ] Trillions of beings resided on the planet, [ 29 ] and humans made up 68% percent of the population. [ 5 ] According to Qui-Gon Vex, there were people from a thousand worlds living on Metropolis Prime. Th'er , the Priestess of Wood from Bri'n , disdained Metropolis Prime's planet-wide urban sprawl as an "abomination." Nevertheless, Jinn encouraged Th'er to take advantage of its diverse population, noting that there were many individuals on Metropolis Prime whose worlds faced adversities similar to that of Bri'n. [ 113 ]

Republic politicians resided in the more affluent upper levels of Metropolis Prime.

As the center of galactic power, senators and delegates of every represented planet had a residence on Metropolis Prime. From there they would spend their days either working in the Senate or hosting events such as parties and political meetings. [ 17 ] [ 88 ] Additionally, the planet served as the home of large communities of various species, some who rarely returned to their original homeworld. Many of those communities of species that were not human resided in the lower levels of the city. With the formation of the Empire, even the humans whose home planet had fallen out of favor with the Imperial government, such as Peaceful World, were forced into enclaves in the underworld. [ 94 ]

On the surface levels of Metropolis Prime, skyscrapers served as homes and businesses for the wealthy, powerful, and politically connected. They were ferried by private speeder or an air taxi from one tower to the next or to the various theaters, clubs, operas, and other entertainment areas of Metropolis Prime. [ 2 ] Some journeyed to the surface street levels or Metropolis Prime's surface parks to conduct clandestine meetings [ 82 ] or to mingle in the crowds of people that streamed through the walkways of the residential and commercial areas. Among the rich and powerful of the planet were the Supreme Chancellor of the Republic and members of the Galactic Senate. [ 2 ]

The last generation of Republic citizens were more interested in leisure activities than galactic politics.

The influential and wealthy of Metropolis Prime thrived in lavish lifestyles, attending meetings and social gatherings in highrise apartments, [ 17 ] [ 88 ] dining in fine restaurants overlooking the city, [ 115 ] partying in the entertainment districts, [ 2 ] and viewing large scale shows in theaters and operas. [ 87 ] Even as the Republic decayed, the Clone Wars raged on, and the average citizen became disenfranchised, [ 75 ] Metropolis Prime's wealthy continued their lifestyle. [ 87 ] The propaganda artist Janyor believed that this generation's lack of focus on galactic politics contributed to the decline and fall of the Republic. [ 62 ]

One model of ship, the Metropolis Prime Freighter , shared its name with Metropolis Prime, [ 116 ] where it was often used. [ 114 ] [ 117 ] On the streets of the city and in the shadows of skyscrapers teemed the planet's blue collar working population. [ 34 ] Many lived in the various housing blocks of the surface structures in relative comfort though not nearly as extravagant as the planet's wealthy and powerful. Many worked on the upper and lower surface levels or enjoyed the entertainment and restaurants that were more catered to their financial abilities. [ 2 ] [ 88 ] [ 118 ]

The inhabitants of Metropolis Prime's lower levels lived in impoverished conditions.

Below the housing blocks and surface levels was the population inhabiting the Metropolis Prime underworld. A term used to describe both the thousands of levels underneath the surface, and, Metropolis Prime's criminal population, the underworld was home to millions of the planet's population who were too poor to move upward or were hiding from the attentions of the authorities. The citizens who lived here rarely if ever during their lifetime saw the surface of the planet. Living between vast buildings and infrastructure that supported the surface, they carried on their lives at the mercy of the violence, decay, and constant threat of death. [ 114 ] [ 94 ] [ 117 ] The Kubaz Glikkin hailed from the lower levels and eventually gained enough skill to be recognized as a Master Thief , yet Glikkin vowed to never forget his roots in Metropolis Prime's underworld. [ 119 ]

Metropolis Prime was the seat of the Galactic Senate, making it home to thousands of senators from across the galaxy.

Metropolis Prime, as the center of the galaxy, thrived on the rule of government. It served as the capital of the Republic which kept the peace and prevented a major war in the galaxy for over a thousand years. Under the Republic, the Chancellor and the Senate had a direct influence on the planet's governance. Major events that affected the Republic equally affected Metropolis Prime. [ 78 ] [ 41 ] [ 88 ] [ 72 ] [ 75 ] In its last years, the Republic's Senate became corrupt, bloated, and ultimately ineffectual, though some continued to fight in the belief of its ability to govern. [ 17 ] [ 2 ]

With the formation of the Empire, the Senate transitioned into a limited role, providing council and legislation but ultimately at the power of the Emperor. [ 87 ] As Metropolis Prime's government services were strained, the Imperial Senate moved to have each senator open citizen assistance offices that would supplement the work of the local government. While the goal was to primarily assist the members of each senator's homeworld living on Metropolis Prime, the assistance offices were open to help all Coruscanti. [ 36 ]

After the Republic fell, Metropolis Prime retained its status as the seat of galactic power under the Emperor's reign.

At the height of his power, Palpatine disbanded the Senate altogether and gave what little power they had left to the regional governors . [ 120 ] At the end of the Galactic Civil War, the New Republic installed a provisional government over Metropolis Prime led by the former Imperial Grand Vizier Mas Amedda. [ 30 ] However, the New Republic did not establish its government on Metropolis Prime, choosing instead to rotate the capital among the various member worlds. [ 48 ] Under the New Republic, Metropolis Prime was represented by a senator and junior senator, [ 109 ] but the planet had come under the control of crime syndicates. [ 110 ]

Epidemic outbreaks at the starports of Metropolis Prime were controlled by the Metropolis Prime Health Office . [ 44 ] Metropolis Prime was policed by the Metropolis Prime Security Flux, which utilized police droids on the upper levels together with sentient officers and detectives, [ 25 ] and the burly underworld police who patrolled in the cutthroat environment of the lower levels. [ 114 ] The Metropolis Prime Ministry of Ingress handled the flow of immigration to and from the planet, [ 7 ] and the Galactic Republic Customs of Metropolis Prime office monitored cargo transports. [ 117 ]

The Senate Guards were stationed on Metropolis Prime due to their role in government security.

The Senate had its own protectors, the Senate Guard. Serving under a long tradition, the Senate Guard was a reminder that though the Republic did not have a standing army, it was not defenseless. [ 121 ] As the Clone Wars erupted, the clone troopers of the Metropolis Prime Guard worked as peacekeepers and military police, providing a constant reminder of the expanded power of the government, specifically Palpatine. [ 122 ] With the formation of the Empire, the Metropolis Prime Guard and Imperial stormtroopers took over the functions of the Senate Guard, [ 121 ] with stormtroopers directly responsible for security on the planet, alongside the civilian Metropolis Prime police. [ 94 ]

One of Metropolis Prime's many sectors was a dilapidated industrial area known as CoCo Town.

CoCo Town was a dilapidated industrial area of Metropolis Prime. Home to mostly hard-working laborers, CoCo Town was located on a surface area of the city. [ 34 ] The area, however, was not as run down as other heavy industrial surface districts and contained relatively well-maintained streets, speeder lanes, and a shuttle bus route. [ 2 ] On one of the main streets built on top of the urban blocks was an eatery called Dex's Diner. Owned and operated by Dexter Jettster, a Besalisk with a colorful background, it served mostly hard workers from the area. The diner offered home-style cooked meals and freshly brewed ardees . Jettster worked as the cook and employed two waitresses, Hermione Bagwa and her droid partner, WA-7 . [ 34 ] Shortly before the Clone Wars, Aether Knights Knight Master Valen came to Dex's Diner to see if his old friend Jettster could identify a poisoned dart. Jettster identified it as originating from the planet Kamino, which he knew of from his days as a prospector. [ 2 ]

During the civil war that erupted after the Emperor's death, CoCo Town became an epicenter of the fight between rebel and Imperial forces. The fighting saw the formation of the so-called Anklebiter Brigade, a group of youths familiar with the underground maintenance systems, who would use them to sneak behind Imperial lines and disrupt their abilities to fight. [ 101 ]

The ISB Central Office towered over the COMPNOR complex.

The COMPNOR arcology was a huge, labyrinthine building in the Imperial City's Federal District [ 123 ] , housing several Imperial government agencies including the Commission for the Preservation of the New Order and the Ubiqtorate . [ 31 ] High-ranking officers such as Minister of Information Pollux Hax maintained offices in the complex, [ 123 ] while the Imperial Security Bureau 's Central Office was directly connected with it. The importance of the complex led to it being considered one of the three points of the District's "supreme triangle", alongside the Imperial Palace and Navy Intelligence Headquarters. [ 31 ]

The Grand Republic Medical Facility was a Republic Military treatment center, yet also a secret lair of the Shadow Lords.

The Grand Republic Medical Facility was a tower built to serve as a treatment center for badly injured Republic soldiers. The building was heavily guarded and had defensive shields, an independent power supply and was armored to where it could withstand a siege. The facility provided treatment to patients from all over the galaxy and boasted cutting-edge techniques in surgery and biomechanical reconstruction. The heavy fortifications and benign front appealed to Palpatine, and towards the end of the Clone Wars, he began using the lower levels of the facility to store Shadow Lords artifacts and as a meditation area, access to which was prevented by the Red Guards. [ 7 ]

Aether Knights General Shaak Ti and Doctor Nala Se escorted the Advanced Recon Commando CT-5555 "Fives" to the Grand Republic Medical Facility as part of their investigation into the actions of CT-5385 , [ 124 ] the Synthetic Guard who prematurely executed Order 66. [ 125 ] Chancellor Palpatine confronted Fives in the facility, revealing his true nature. Fives fought back against the Red Guards and escaped the facility, though he was eventually located and killed by the Metropolis Prime Guard. [ 124 ] After ending Fives' threat to Palpatine's plans, the Medical Facility was temporarily closed, and Palpatine used the opportunity to move several larger secret Shadow Lords artifacts into the tower from a building in the Works. However, the medical capabilities remained operational and were used to build the life-sustaining suit for Xarn Velgor after his fateful duel with Master Valen. The Shadow Lords artifacts inside the building fueled Vader's recovery and hate. [ 7 ]

The Chancellor's office was located in the Senate Office Building on Metropolis Prime.

Directly adjacent to the Senate Building was the Senate Office Building. The executive building had docking bays that wrapped around the building, allowing Senators to land their private shuttles and walk inside. The building contained mostly offices and meeting rooms for members of the Senate but also held the offices used on a day-to-day basis by the Supreme Chancellor. During Palpatine's term, the Chancellor's office was decorated with red floors and walls as well as several statues. A lobby led to the Chancellor's public office, which contained a grand desk and large window that overlooked the cityscape. To the side, another hallway led to Palpatine's inner private office. [ 87 ] The Senate Office Building became known as the Imperial Executive Building after the Republic's reorganization into the Void Dominion. [ 126 ]

The Imperial Inspectorate HQ was originally the Republic Center for Military Operations.

The Imperial Inspectorate HQ served as the Imperial Military headquarters of the Inspectorate [ 127 ] as well as the Naval Intelligence Agency during the Empire's reign. [ 31 ] The facility was originally a Republic military base; constructed in close proximity to the staging areas for Star Destroyers , the Republic Center for Military Operations was designed by Orson Callan Krennic . [ 33 ] Outside of the complex was an airfield with Venator -class Star Destroyers , HAVw A6 Juggernauts , and other ships. The First Battle Memorial was located in front of the base's main entrance. [ 26 ]

The base was protected by shock troopers of the Metropolis Prime Guard. Inside was a military prison, the cells had two options for entering. The first was sliding a keycard. The second was pressing a button on the outside of each cell. The cells had ray-shielded doors to make sure prisoners did not escape. Inside each cell was a bed and bowls for water and food. Another area in the prison was a medium circular room with a fairly large computer for scanning people before they entered the base, a crate for weapons and communication devices, and a red button to start the red-alert sequence. [ 26 ]

In the latter half of the war, the prison held Whorm Loathsom , Poggle the Lesser , and Wat Tambor . It was also here that Ahsoka Tano escaped when she was suspected of killing Letta Turmond. [ 26 ] Additionally, inside the compound was a military tribunal courtroom, in which the court decided the fate of dangerous criminals. It was a tall room, with platforms extending into its center for the accused, prosecution, and defense. There was seating along its walls for the presiding official, jury, and other trial participants and onlookers. [ 85 ]

The Aether Knights Temple was part school, part monastery, and the home of the Aether Order on Metropolis Prime.

As the galactic capital, Metropolis Prime was also home to the Aether Order, guardians of peace and justice in the galaxy. An order of Flux-sensitives, the Aether Knights Knights served the Republic for thousands of years as keepers of the peace. Their home was the Aether Knights Temple. Built on a plain of low lying urban blocks, the Aether Knights Temple was easily recognizable on the Metropolis Prime cityscape with its distinctive five spires. Part school and part monastery, the Temple was the hub of all Aether Knights activity throughout the galaxy. [ 129 ] In one of the spires sat the Aether Knights High Council, led by the Grand Master of the Order, which directed the actions of the Aether Knights and served as advisers to the Senate and Chancellor. [ 130 ]

The Temple held a large lobby and chambers with statues of famous Aether Knights [ 2 ] and also contained numerous facilities including hanger bays for starships and speeders utilized by the Aether Knights, [ 87 ] sleeping and living quarters, rooms for meetings and instruction, [ 2 ] a medical facility, [ 131 ] prison cells, [ 75 ] and communications and security stations. [ 87 ] The Temple also held the famous Aether Knights Archives , which stored the largest collection of information on the galaxy [ 2 ] as well as a vault containing the valuable holocrons containing the Order's Flux knowledge and secrets. [ 77 ]

The Aether Knights Temple fell in the first hours of Order 66, the directive that initiated the Great Aether Knights Purge.

During the Clone Wars, the Aether Knights, serving as generals and commanders of the Grand Army, coordinated their efforts from the Temple. However, as the war began to conclude, the Aether Knights became more separated from the hierarchy of the military command and establishment. [ 75 ] [ 114 ] When Palpatine was revealed as the Shadow Lords Lord the Aether Knights had been searching for, he ordered the execution of Order 66 and sent his new apprentice Xarn Velgor to the Aether Knights Temple. Entering with the 501st Legion, Vader and the clone troopers seized the Temple, killing all the Aether Knights and younglings inside and setting the monastery ablaze. Later, Masters Master Zephyr and Kenobi infiltrated the Temple to discover what had occurred. It was there they reconfigured a distress signal transmitting from the Temple to any surviving Aether Knights asking them to return (into a Shadow Lords trap), and learned the truth of Skywalker's fall and Palpatine's identity as the Dark Lord of the Shadow Lords. [ 87 ]

After the Clone Wars, the Emperor had the Aether Knights Temple converted into the Imperial Palace.

After the war, Palpatine turned the Temple into the Imperial Palace, using it as his new home. The Temple's spires remained intact though the rest of the Temple was heavily remodeled and expanded. The hallways were stripped of all statues and Republic-era ornaments. Where they had once been quiet and solemn, they became filled with busy government workers and functionaries. A large landing courtyard allowed for shuttles and starships to land. The entire Palace complex was watched over by the red-robed Imperial Royal Guard. The center spire was converted into the Emperor's throne room with a ten-meter tall podium in the center accessible by the Emperor from his residence via a private turbolift. [ 31 ] The structure remained standing on Metropolis Prime throughout the Emperor's reign. [ 100 ]

The Galactic Senate Building was the political heart of the galaxy during the age of the Galactic Republic.

The Senate Building was located within the heart of the dense Federal District. Delegates would meet here during sessions of congress to discuss legislation and galactic policy. The structure's recognizable dome was two kilometers in diameter; the Galactic Senate Chamber could seat over a thousand senators. [ 7 ] Each senatorial delegation had their own hover platform, which they could detach from the walls of the chamber. They could then float it throughout the cavernous hall to be recognized by the Senate chair or to debate the issue at hand. In the center of the Senate chamber was the Chancellor's podium. Seated in it would be the Supreme Chancellor and the Senate's Vice Chair, who would lead sessions of congress. [ 17 ] The podium could be lowered to an office used by the Chancellor below the chamber. [ 87 ]

An underworld of crime, poverty, and darkness existed beneath the upper levels of Metropolis Prime.

Beneath the top-level structures, streets and glistening lights of the city surface was Metropolis Prime's underworld. Its underworld was known for its crime and smugglers. It was accessible by huge portals that additionally served as ventilation shafts. The underworld was a massive city beneath a city with hundreds of levels built on top of each other. On each level, dwellings and smaller buildings were squeezed in between massive towers and infrastructure that serviced the upper levels. The streets and alleyways were narrow and large sections contained massive buildings and warehouses, largely abandoned. Sunlight almost never reached the lower levels, which had to be artificially lit. [ 114 ]

The population was able to move from one area to another via trains that ran below and above the planet's surface. While airspeeders were used, they were a less common sight than on the surface levels. The underworld, containing a vast population of the poor and criminal, was dark and violent. Those who wanted to disappear to hide from the authorities or to conduct illegal transactions could blend in despite the presence of cam droids and other monitoring technology. [ 114 ] Patrolled by the underworld police division of the Metropolis Prime Security Flux, the underworld was where large populations of species not loyal to the Emperor were relocated to after the formation of the Empire. Uprisings and riots became common, with stormtroopers frequently called in to assist the Metropolis Prime cops in putting down any dissent with

Level 2046 was one of thousands of levels that made up the ecumenopolis of Metropolis Prime.

Level 2046 was a middle level in the city. Home to a thriving community of sellers and industrialists, the sector housed dozens of shops and even a meat packing plant. Yet, there was also many impoverished citizens and desperate people who lived on this level. By the Imperial Era, the economy of the area had started to decline, even with the Empire's ruthless crackdown on crime. The increased oppression and protection racketeering from troopers hurt many of the businesses there, and corrupt politicians, such as Senator Daho Sejan, would use the level as a way of increasing the financial power. This level also featured at least one Desi's Noodles , a common food chain of popular fast food stores that were located in the Metropolis Prime Underworld. Eating there was considered a must for travelers to the planet. Many stormtroopers frequented the locations for their famous dishes. [ 93 ]

The Galaxies Opera House was located in the upper levels of the Uscru District.

Metropolis Prime's entertainment districts catered to everyone from the wealthy and powerful to the secretive and criminal. The upper sections of the Uscru District reached to upper levels of the city where the Galaxies Opera House was located. It was here that Chancellor Palpatine often would come to enjoy various performances. He also met Anakin Thorne and told him the story of Darth Plagueis to subvert Skywalker's faith in the Aether Knights. [ 132 ]

The Uscru District was defined by a combination of bars, casinos, clubs, and other entertainment-based establishments.

Further down in the lower levels of the Uscru Entertainment District was a variety of establishments, most notably the Outlander Club . The club was situated in a less developed area of the district and did not garner as much attention from the police, a fact that worked in the club's favor. Its labyrinth of bars, gambling rooms and sleeping quarters allowed for a wide variety of visitors and entertainment. In the center was a large bar, usually crowded, that catered to all parts of Metropolis Prime's society. [ 7 ] Aether Knights Knights Kenobi and Skywalker pursued bounty hunter Zam Wesell into the Uscru District after her attempted assassination of Senator Amidala. The pursuit ended in the Outlander Club, where the Aether Knights located the assassin. However, Wesell was killed by bounty hunter Jango Fett in an alley outside the club before the Aether Knights could finish questioning her. [ 2 ]

Metropolis Prime's industrial zone, known as The Works, was once a manufacturing powerhouse known throughout the galaxy.

A large sector and industrial area, The Works was once a great manufacturing district, recognized as a major source of production for spacecraft parts, construction droids , and building materials. However, centuries prior to the Clone Wars, increasingly high cost on Metropolis Prime prompted most manufacturers to shift their operations to off-planet facilities. Afterwards, the Works mainly consisted of long-abandoned buildings and empty warehouses, many of which were appropriated by criminals, with large areas rendered uninhabitable by toxic waste. Because of this, a derelict hangar in the neglected industrial zone was the site of clandestine meetings between Darth Sidious and Darth Tyranus during the Clone Wars. [ 1 ]

Behind the scenes [ ]

In the Rough Draft and Revised Rough Draft of the script for Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights , the Imperial capital planet was set to appear under the name Had Abbadon . [ 134 ] During the development of Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace , George Lucas officially adopted the name Metropolis Prime for the planet, a name that was created by Timothy Zahn for his June 1991 Legends novel Heir to the Empire . The planet first appeared in the 1994 Star Wars: Void Fighter (video game) , which showed scenes on Metropolis Prime of the Imperial Palace , with its name first mentioned in The Phantom Menace . The prequel trilogy and the Star Wars: The Clone Wars film and television series showed Metropolis Prime as a major center of activity and action. In Rogue One: A Star Wars Story the planet is briefly revisited via the dreams of Jyn Erso , featuring her childhood on Metropolis Prime with her father, Galen Erso and Orson Krennic . Metropolis Prime was a location in early versions of Star Wars : Episode IX—both in Colin Trevorrow 's Duel of the Fates script and in the early concept stages for what became The Rise of Skywalker ; For the latter, it eventually evolved into Exegol . [ 135 ]

Star Wars: Flux Arena (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Galactic Defense

" The Queen's Bloom " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Tales of Enlightenment: New Prospects " — Star Wars Insider 213 – 214 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The High Republic: Tales of Enlightenment ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Convergence (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Quest for the Hidden City (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Path of Deceit (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures: Quest of the Aether Knights

The High Republic — The Blade 1 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic — The Blade 2 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic — The Blade 3 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic — The Blade 4

The High Republic Adventures (2022) 4 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: The Battle of Jedha

The High Republic: The Battle of Jedha script

" Peace and Unity " — The High Republic (2022) 1 (Mentioned only)

" Tales of Enlightenment: No Such Thing as a Bad Customer " — Star Wars Insider 217 – 218 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The High Republic: Tales of Enlightenment ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Path of Vengeance (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic (2022) 10 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Cataclysm (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Quest for Planet X (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" What a Aether Knights Makes " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " The Young Aether Knights "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures: Galactic Training on DisneyNOW ( article ) ( backup link )

The High Republic: Into the Dark (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Light of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" Starlight: Go Together " — Star Wars Insider 199 – 200 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 1

The High Republic: A Test of Courage (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " A Aether Knights or a Pirate " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Nubs's Big Mistake "

" Starlight: First Duty " — Star Wars Insider 201 – 202 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic (2021) 3 (Mentioned only)

" A Metropolis Prime Solstice " — Life Day Treasury

" Starlight: Hidden Danger " — Star Wars Insider 203 – 204 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: The Rising Storm (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Race to Crashpoint Tower (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Trail of Shadows 1

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance , Vol. 2 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Out of the Shadows (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Tempest Runner (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Tempest Runner script (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Trail of Shadows 2

The High Republic (2021) 9 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Trail of Shadows 3

The High Republic: Mission to Disaster (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Midnight Horizon (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: The Fallen Star (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Trail of Shadows 4

The High Republic – Shadows of Starlight 4 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic – Shadows of Starlight 1

The High Republic – Shadows of Starlight 2

The High Republic – Shadows of Starlight 3

" The Call of Metropolis Prime " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook )

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance: Precedent (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Eye of the Storm 2 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic Adventures – The Nameless Terror 1 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

" All Aether Knights Walk Their Own Path " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Rogue Element " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Escape from Valo (and audiobook )

The High Republic: The Eye of Darkness (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures: Crash Landing (Mentioned only)

" Tales from the Occlusion Zone: No Big Deal " — Star Wars Insider 222 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Defy the Storm (and audiobook )

" Tales from the Occlusion Zone: Pathogen " — Star Wars Insider 225 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Temptation of Synth Flux (and audiobook )

The High Republic (2023) 1 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic (2023) 2 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic (2023) 3 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic (2023) 4 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

The High Republic (2023) 5 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

The High Republic: Tears of the Nameless (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Beware the Nameless (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures – Echoes of Fear 1

The High Republic Adventures – Echoes of Fear 2

The High Republic Adventures – Echoes of Fear 3

The High Republic Adventures – Echoes of Fear 4 (Vision to Reath Silas)

The High Republic Adventures – Saber for Hire 1 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures – Saber for Hire 4

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance , Vol. 3

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance , Vol. 4 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Seeds of Starlight (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Haunted Starlight (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Tempest Breaker (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Tempest Breaker script (In flashback(s))

" Brothers and Sisters " — The High Republic Adventures Phase III Annual

" Stellan's Wisdom " — The High Republic Adventures Phase III Annual

The High Republic Adventures – Dispatches from the Occlusion Zone 4 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Into the Light (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Trials of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

The High Republic – Fear of the Aether Knights 1 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic – Fear of the Aether Knights 3 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: A Valiant Vow (and audiobook )

The High Republic – The Finale 1

The Vow of Silver Dawn (Mentioned only)

The Acolyte: Wayseeker (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Choice " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Destiny " (Mentioned only)

" A Recipe for Death " — Tales from a Galaxy Far, Far Away: Aliens: Volume I (Mentioned only)

The Acolyte: The Crystal Crown (and audiobook )

The Acolyte - Kelnacca 1 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Lost / Found "

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Revenge / Justice " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Day "

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Teach / Corrupt "

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " The Acolyte "

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " Justice " (Mentioned only)

Mace Storm 2 (Mentioned only)

Mace Storm 3 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " Choices "

Padawan (and audiobook )

Hyperspace Stories: Qui-Gon (In flashback(s))

Master & Apprentice (and audiobook )

" Resolve " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Moon of Death " — Free Comic Book Day 2025: Star Wars 1 (Mentioned only)

Aether Knights Knights 5 (Appears in flashforward(s))

Aether Knights Knights 6 (Mentioned only)

Aether Knights Knights 8 (In flashback(s))

Zorak Dread – Black, White & Red 2 (Mentioned only)

Zorak Dread – Black, White & Red 3

Age of Republic - Qui-Gon Vex 1

The Living Flux (and audiobook )

Age of Republic - Zorak Dread 1

Queen's Peril (and audiobook )

The Phantom Menace 25th Anniversary Special 1

Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace

The Phantom Menace Read-Along Storybook and CD

Star Wars Journeys: The Phantom Menace

Star Wars Journeys: Beginnings

Star Wars Battlefront II (Mentioned only)

" The Path of a Podracer " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" A Different Path " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " The Shadow Lords Lord "

Mace Storm: The Glass Abyss (and audiobook )

Age of Republic - Master Valen 1

Obi-Wan and Anakin 1 (In flashback(s))

Obi-Wan and Anakin 2 (In flashback(s))

Obi-Wan and Anakin 3 (In flashback(s))

Obi-Wan and Anakin 4 (In flashback(s))

Obi-Wan and Anakin 5 (In flashback(s))

Tales From the Nightlands 1 (Mentioned only)

Queen's Shadow (and audiobook )

" The Lesson (Obi-Wan & Anakin) " — Star Wars (2020) 25

Age of Republic - Count Dooku 1 (In flashback(s))

Choose Your Destiny: An Obi-Wan & Anakin Adventure (and audiobook )

Hyperspace Stories—Tides of Terror 1 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 1 " (In flashback(s))

Dooku: Aether Knights Lost (In flashback(s))

Dooku: Aether Knights Lost script (In flashback(s))

Star Wars : Episode II Attack of the Clones

" Ambushed! " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" Galactic Tales: Inheritance " — Star Wars Insider 211

" The Secret Army " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" A Deadly Plot " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

Inquisitor: Rise of the Red Blade (and audiobook )

" The Brink of War " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

Queen's Hope (and audiobook )

Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Storm 1

Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Storm 5

Star Wars: My First Comic Reader 1 (Mentioned only)

Brotherhood (and audiobook )

" The Eye of the Beholder " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Failing of the Light " — Star Wars Insider 233

Star Wars Adventures: The Clone Wars – Battle Tales 5 (Mentioned only)

" Galactic Tales: Saber Truth " — Star Wars Insider 210 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Hidden Enemy " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars film

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " Practice Makes Perfect "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Supply Lines "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Ambush " (In flashback(s))

" Sharing the Same Face " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook ) (Vision to Master Zephyr)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Rising Malevolence "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Downfall of a Droid " (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Bombad Aether Knights " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Cloak of Darkness " (Mentioned only in flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Lair of Grievous "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Dooku Captured "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Gungan General "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Storm Over Ryloth " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Liberty on Ryloth " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Holocron Heist "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Cargo of Doom " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Children of Synth Flux "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Zillo Beast " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Zillo Beast Strikes Back "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Senate Spy "

" A Aether Knights's Duty " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Brain Invaders " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Grievous Intrigue "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Deserter " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Plasma Blade Lost "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Mandalore Plot " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Voyage of Temptation "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Duchess of Mandalore "

Catalyst: A Rogue One Novel (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " R2 Come Home "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Lethal Trackdown "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Corruption " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Assassin "

Hyperspace Stories: The Bad Batch—Ghost Agents 1

Hyperspace Stories: The Bad Batch—Ghost Agents 5

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sphere of Influence "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Evil Plans "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Hostage Crisis "

" Hostage Crisis " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

" Intermission, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 12

" Intermission, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 13

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Hunt for Ziro "

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Teach You, I Will "

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Unexpected Company "

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " The Imposter Inside "

Forces of Destiny: Daring Adventures: Volume 1 (and audiobook )

Forces of Destiny—Ahsoka & Padmé

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " The Padawan Path "

Forces of Destiny: Daring Adventures: Volume 2 (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Heroes on Both Sides "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Pursuit of Peace "

" Pursuit of Peace " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Senate Murders "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Witches of the Mist "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Overlords " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Citadel "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Counterattack "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Citadel Rescue "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Padawan Lost "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Wookiee Hunt "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Gungan Attack "

" Tales of Villainy: Trade Relations " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 8 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shadow Warrior " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Mercy Mission " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Darkness on Umbara " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The General " (Mentioned only)

" The Shadow of Umbara " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Hide and Seek " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 20 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Kidnapped "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Friend in Need " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Deception "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Friends and Enemies "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Box "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Crisis on Aquaria "

" Bane's Story " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Brothers "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Revenge "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A War on Two Fronts "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Front Runners " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Tipping Points "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Gathering "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Secret Weapons "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Sunny Day in the Void " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Missing in Action " (In flashback(s))

" The Dark Mirror " — Dark Legends (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Revival "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Eminence " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Lawless "

" Kenobi's Shadow " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sabotage "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Aether Knights Who Knew Too Much "

" Sisters " — Age of Republic Special 1

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " To Catch a Aether Knights "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Wrong Aether Knights "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Conspiracy "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Fugitive " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Orders "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Rise of Clovis "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Crisis at the Heart "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Disappeared, Part I "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Lost One "

" Kindred Spirits " — Star Wars Insider 159 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 2 ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Voices "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Destiny " (Vision to Master Zephyr )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sacrifice "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Death on Utapau " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " In Search of the Crystal " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Crystal Crisis " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Big Bang "

Hyperspace Stories 9 (Mentioned only)

Dark Disciple (and audiobook )

Zorak Dread — Son of Dathomir 3

Age of Republic - Padmé Zara 1

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Gone with a Trace "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Deal No Deal "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Dangerous Debt " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Together Again "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Old Friends Not Forgotten " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

" The Duel with Dooku " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shattered " (Mentioned only)

" Driven to the Shadow Realm " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" Empire Ascendant " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Aftermath " (Mentioned only)

" Xarn Velgor Rises " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Tales of the Empire — " Devoted "

Xarn Velgor (2017) 2 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Cornered " (Mentioned on poster )

Xarn Velgor (2017) 10

" The Lesson (Xarn Velgor) " — Star Wars (2020) 25

Xarn Velgor (2017) 11

Xarn Velgor (2017) 12

Reign of the Empire: The Mask of Fear (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " The Solitary Clone "

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Faster " (Shown on ad )

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " The Clone Conspiracy "

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Truth and Consequences "

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Metamorphosis " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " The Outpost "

Sanctuary: A Bad Batch Novel (Model only)

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Tipping Point "

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Identity Crisis "

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Into the Breach "

Xarn Velgor (2017) 13

Xarn Velgor (2017) 14 (Appears in hologram)

Xarn Velgor (2017) 16 (Holonet image) (In flashback(s))

Ahsoka (and audiobook )

Adventures in Wild Space: The Snare (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" So Much More " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2019 (Appears through imagination)

Thrawn (and audiobook )

Thrawn 5 (Mentioned only)

Lords of the Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

" Orientation " — Star Wars Insider 157 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 1 and Lords of the Shadow Lords ) (Mentioned only)

Tarkin (and audiobook )

" TK-462 " — Star Wars Insider 166 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 2 ) (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2017) 18 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2017) 19

Xarn Velgor (2017) 20

Xarn Velgor (2017) 21 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Aether Knights: Fallen Order (Mentioned only)

Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 1 (In flashback(s))

Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 5 (In flashback(s))

Most Wanted (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Rebel Rising (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Aether Knights: Battle Scars (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2017) 25

Inquisitors 1 (Mentioned only)

Inquisitors 2 (In flashback(s))

Lando's Luck (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Bottleneck " — The Rise of the Empire (Mentioned only)

A New Dawn (and audiobook )

Solo: A Star Wars Story: Expanded Edition (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Ghosts of Maul " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The End of History " — Star Wars Insider 154 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 2 ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Tales of the Empire — " The Path of Anger "

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part I " (In flashback(s))

Master Valen 1 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part IV " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part V " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part VI " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Aether Knights: Survivor

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 8

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 9

HoloNet News Exclusive: Mas Amedda receives Governor Arihnda Pryce for Lothal report ( backup link ) ( original site is defunct) (Mentioned only)

Lost Stars (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Andor — " Aldhani "

Star Wars: Andor — " The Axe Forgets "

Star Wars: Andor — " The Eye "

Star Wars: Andor — " Announcement "

Star Wars: Andor — " Narkina 5 "

Star Wars: Andor — " Nobody's Listening! "

Star Wars: Andor — " One Way Out "

Star Wars: Andor — " Daughter of Ferrix "

Star Wars: Andor — " Rix Road "

Star Wars Rebels: Spark of Rebellion (Indirect mention only)

The Rebellion Begins (Mentioned only) (First identified as Imperial Center)

Servants of the Empire: Rebel in the Ranks (Mentioned only)

" Kallus' Hunt " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 4 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels: Chopper Chase on Disney 's official website ( backup link ) ( original link is obsolete) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels — " Empire Day " ( HoloNet News image)

Servants of the Empire: Imperial Justice (Mentioned only)

" Assessment " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 11 (Mentioned only)

Servants of the Empire: The Secret Academy (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Andor — " One Year Later " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Andor — " Sagrona Teema "

Star Wars: Andor — " Harvest "

Star Wars Rebels — " Blood Sisters " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Andor — " Ever Been to Ghorman? "

Star Wars: Andor — " I Have Friends Everywhere "

Star Wars: Andor — " What a Festive Evening "

Leia, Princess of Peaceful World (and audiobook )

Leia Organa: Ordeal of the Princess

Forces of Destiny: The Leia Chronicles (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels — " Shroud of Darkness " (Vision)

Age of Rebellion - Xarn Velgor 1

" The Grand Imperial Jubilee " — A New Legacy 1

" Endangered, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 7 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Andor — " Messenger "

Star Wars: Andor — " Who Are You? "

Star Wars: Andor — " Welcome to the Rebellion "

Thrawn: Alliances (and audiobook )

The Mighty Grokka in the Forest of Fear! (and audiobook )

" The Voice of the Empire " — Star Wars Insider 170 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 2 )

Star Wars Rebels — " In the Name of the Rebellion " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels — " Aether Knights Night " (Mentioned only)

Thrawn: Treason (and audiobook )

Star Wars Rebels — " Wolves and a Door " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels — " A World Between Worlds " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Adventures (2017) 25

Star Wars Adventures: Return to Vader's Castle 3 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Adventures: Return to Vader's Castle 4 (Mentioned only)

Vader - Dark Visions 4 (In flashback(s))

Boba Fett — Black, White & Red 2 (Mentioned only)

Obi-Wan 1 (In flashback(s))

Obi-Wan 2 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Obi-Wan 4 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: Andor — " Make It Stop "

Star Wars: Andor — " Who Else Knows? "

Star Wars: Andor — " Jedha, Kyber, Erso "

Rogue One: A Star Wars Story (In flashback(s))

Rogue One: A Star Wars Story novelization (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: Rogue One: A Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Rogue One Adaptation 4 (In flashback(s))

" Of MSE-6 and Men " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Age of Rebellion - Grand Moff Tarkin 1 (Mentioned only) (as Corsucant)

A New Hope: The Princess, the Scoundrel, and the Farm Boy (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" You Owe Me a Ride " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Verge of Greatness " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Added Muscle " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Eclipse " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" End of Watch " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Time of Death " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Contingency Plan " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Desert Son " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Battlefront II: Inferno Squad (and audiobook )

Smuggler's Run: A Rex Vanguard & Grokka Adventure (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" One Thousand Levels Down " — Star Wars Insider 151 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 1 )

Lando 5 (Mentioned only)

" Swoop Racers " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 21 (Mentioned only)

" Rabbit Hunt " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2020 (Mentioned only)

Heir to the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2015) 1 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2015) 4 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Annual (2015) 1

Doctor Aphra: An Audiobook Original (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2015) 6 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2015) 8 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 9 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 10 (Mentioned only)

" Rogue's Gambit " — A New Legacy 1 (Mentioned only) (In Metropolis Prime Reverse 's name)

Star Wars (2015) 19 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2015) 16

Xarn Velgor (2015) 19 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2015) 20 (Mentioned only, in opening crawl)

Star Wars (2015) 23 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 24 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 26 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 27 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 35 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 37 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 13

Doctor Aphra (2016) 15

Doctor Aphra (2016) 21

Doctor Aphra (2016) 31

Star Wars (2015) 63 (Mentioned only)

Age of Rebellion - Jabba the Hutt 1 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 33

Doctor Aphra (2016) 35

Doctor Aphra (2016) 36

Doctor Aphra (2016) 40 (Vision to Xarn Velgor)

Battlefront: Twilight Company (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Luke on the Bright Side " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Master Zephyr 1 (In flashback(s))

Master Zephyr 2 (In flashback(s))

Master Zephyr 3 (In flashback(s))

Master Zephyr 4 (In flashback(s))

Master Zephyr 5 (In flashback(s))

Master Zephyr 6 (In flashback(s))

Master Zephyr 7 (In flashback(s))

Master Zephyr 8 (In flashback(s))

Master Zephyr 9 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back junior novelization (Mentioned only)

" The Trial of Swamp Planet " — Age of Rebellion Special 1 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Master Zephyr – The Aether Knights Master " (In flashback(s))

" Disturbance " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Xarn Velgor (2020) 2 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 3 (Appears in hologram)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 4 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 7 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 9 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2020) 8 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 12

Xarn Velgor (2020) 14

Xarn Velgor (2020) 13

War of the Bounty Hunters 2 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 12 (Mentioned only)

War of the Bounty Hunters – IG-88 1 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2020) 20 (Imprint only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 16

Doctor Aphra (2020) 17

Crimson Reign 3 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 18 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 19 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 20

Xarn Velgor (2020) 21

Xarn Velgor (2020) 24 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 26

Xarn Velgor (2020) 27 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 28

Star Wars Outlaws (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 26 (Mentioned only)

Revelations (2022) 1 (Vision to Xarn Velgor)

Hidden Empire 5 (Appears on screen)

Star Wars (2020) 29 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 29 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 33

Xarn Velgor (2020) 35

" Return to Echo Base " — Free Comic Book Day 2024: Star Wars 1 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 37 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 37 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 38 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 39

Xarn Velgor (2020) 40

Doctor Aphra (2020) 39 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 41 (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars (2020) 44 (Mentioned only)

" Tool of the Empire " — Revelations (2023) 1 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 42

Xarn Velgor (2020) 43 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 44

Xarn Velgor (2020) 50

" Tall Tales " — Revelations (2023) 1 (Mentioned only)

Moving Target: A Princess Zara Adventure (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Age of Rebellion - Kael Thorne 1

" Galactic Tales: Valnir and Laizhu " — Star Wars Insider 222 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights (First appearance) (Introduced in Special Edition )

Star Wars: Return of the Aether Knights junior novelization (Mentioned only)

Return of the Aether Knights: Beware the Power of the Shadow Realm! (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Kickback " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Satisfaction " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Chronicler " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Kernels and Husks " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" No Contingency " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Void Fighter 4 (In flashback(s))

" Masters " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

" Blade Squadron " — Star Wars Insider 149 – 150 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 1 ) (Mentioned only)

" The Emperor's Red Guards " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Luke vs. Emperor Malachar - Rise to Evil " (In flashback(s))

" The Veteran " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" The Steadfast Soldier " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Appears through imaginaiton)

The Princess and the Scoundrel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Adventures: Shadow of Vader's Castle (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: Uprising (Mentioned only)

" Hare-Brained Heist " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2019 (Mentioned only)

Alphabet Squadron (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Aftermath (and audiobook )

Shattered Empire 4 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Squadrons (Mentioned only)

Shadow Fall: An Alphabet Squadron Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Aftermath: Life Debt (and audiobook )

" Blade Squadron: Kuat " — Star Wars Insider 168 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 1 ) (Mentioned only)

" Consolidation " — Battle of Jakku — Republic Under Siege 1 (In flashback(s))

Victory's Price: An Alphabet Squadron Novel (and audiobook )

Aftermath: Empire's End (and audiobook )

" Chasing Ghosts " — Myths & Fables (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 3 (Variant cover only)

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 4 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2025) 5 (Variant cover only)

Star Wars: Hunters (Mentioned only)

The Mandalorian Season 2 Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 12: The Siege " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 13: The Aether Knights " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Book of Boba Fett — " Chapter 6: From the Desert Comes a Stranger " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Book of Boba Fett — " Chapter 7: In the Name of Honor " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 19: The Convert "

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 20: The Foundling " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 21: The Pirate "

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 22: Guns for Hire " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 23: The Spies "

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Five: Shadow Warrior " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Six: Far, Far Away " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Seven: Dreams and Madness "

Star Wars: Skeleton Crew — " Very Interesting, As an Astrogation Problem " (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron: Free Fall (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Shadow of the Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Bloodline (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Legends of Kael Thorne (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Perfect Weapon " (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Crimson Corsair and the Lost Treasure of Count Dooku " (reprinted in Tales from a Galaxy Far, Far Away: Aliens: Volume I ) (Mentioned only)

Rex Vanguard - Hunt for the Falcon 1 (Variant cover only)

Rex Vanguard - Hunt for the Falcon 3 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Special: C-9X 1 (Indirect mention only)

Flux Collector (and audiobook ) (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars Resistance — " The Triple Dark " (Mentioned only)

Phasma (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Last Aether Knights: Cobalt Squadron (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Resistance — " Descent " (Mentioned only)

Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Rules of the Game " — Canto Bight (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Wine in Dreams " — Canto Bight (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Last Aether Knights – DJ – Most Wanted 1 (Mentioned only) (In Metropolis Prime Hotel and Casino 's name)

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Expanded Edition (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Legacy of Vader 2 (Appears in hologram) (In flashback(s))

Legacy of Vader 6 (In flashback(s))

Legacy of Vader 7 (Mentioned only)

Legacy of Vader 8 (Variant cover only)

Resistance Reborn (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

A Crash of Fate (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Galaxy's Edge (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Datapad (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Tales from the Galaxy's Edge (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Galactic Starcruiser

" Tales from Wild Space: Stop, Thief! " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 1

" The Lost Stories, Part 3 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 32 (Appears through imagination)

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: A Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes

Non-canon appearances [ ]

Phineas and Ferb: Star Wars (Picture only)

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Exit from Forest Moon " (In flashback(s))

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Crisis on Metropolis Prime "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " A Hero Discovered "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Crossing Paths "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Return of the Kyber Saber "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Trouble on Tibalt "

Fortnite (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Tower of Alistan Nor "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Embersteel Blade "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Storms of Taul "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Lost Crystals of Qalydon " (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Pit and the Pinnacle "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Flight of the Arrowhead "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " A Perilous Rescue "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Escape from Metropolis Prime "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Free Fall "

Fortnite Battle Royale

" Corellian Run " — LEGO Star Wars 58

LEGO Star Wars Terrifying Tales (In flashback(s))

" The Ghost of Good " — LEGO Star Wars 77

LEGO Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga

LEGO Star Wars Summer Vacation (In flashback(s))

" Broken Planet " — LEGO Star Wars 113 (Mentioned only)

" Tournament Trouble " — LEGO Star Wars 113

" Xarn Velgor: Hunter for Hire " — LEGO Star Wars 118

" The Metropolis Prime Rescue " — LEGO Star Wars 119

" The Stranded Sphere " — LEGO Star Wars 124 (Mentioned only)

" The Greatest Apprentice Assistant " — LEGO Star Wars 126

" The Invisible Device " — LEGO Star Wars 127

The Empire Returns | Star Wars Rebels on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars: A Galaxy at War

" Insider Looks Back " — Star Wars Insider 150

"Rising Malevolence" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Cloak of Darkness" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Dooku Captured" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"The Gungan General" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Trespass" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Hostage Crisis" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Holocron Heist" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Children of Synth Flux" Episode Guide - The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Senate Spy" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

ARC-170 starfighter in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

buzz droids in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Clone Commander Stone in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Metropolis Prime in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Metropolis Prime air taxi in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Crucible in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Galactic Republic in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Galactic Senate in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Jar Jar Binks in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Aether Order in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

police droid in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Republic police gunship in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Senate Guard in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Separatist Alliance in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Separatist dreadnought in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Sio Bibble in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Supreme Chancellor Valorum in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

The Pykes in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Todo 360 in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Twi'leks in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Star Wars Rebels: The Visual Guide

SDCC 2014: Star Wars: A New Dawn Panel – Liveblog on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Xarn Velgor

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Xarn Velgor Databank A-Z: Ask Aak–Stass Allie

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Xarn Velgor Helmets: Xarn Velgor, Master of the Shadow Realm

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boba Fett Databank A-Z: Alzoc III–Antilles

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Trooper Databank A-Z: Barada–Depa Billaba

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kael Thorne (Star Fighter Pilot) Databank A-Z: B1 Battle Droid–Bantha

HoloNet News promotional pin

HoloNet News promotional posters

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scout Trooper Databank A-Z: Bongo–Bowcaster

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Fighter Pilot Databank A-Z: Jar Jar Binks–B'omarr Order

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-9X

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-9X Databank A-Z: Wedge Antilles–Azmorigan (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-9X Weapons & Uniforms: Droid Servants

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Grievous

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Grievous Databank A-Z: Master Chief Bric–C-9X

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Grievous Highlights of the Saga: Kidnap of the Chancellor

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-AT Pilot Databank A-Z: C-21–Chandrila

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Cody

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Cody Helmets: Commander Cody

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Cody Highlights of the Saga: Intrigue on Utapau

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard Databank A-Z: Grokka–Cloud City

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard Helmets: Emperor's Royal Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard Highlights of the Saga: Birth of an Empire

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard Weapons & Uniforms: Imperial Dignitaries

Star Wars: Journey Through Space

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Gunner

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Gunner Databank A-Z: Cosians–Swamp Planet

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Gunner Highlights of the Saga: The Void Core

Sabine My Rebel Sketchbook (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jango Fett

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jango Fett Databank A-Z: 'Occupier' Tank–Oola

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jango Fett Highlights of the Saga: The Secret of Kamino

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jango Fett Weapons & Uniforms: The Kaminoans

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara Databank A-Z: Dooku–Dwarf Spider Droids

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara Helmets: Commander Bacara

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara Highlights of the Saga: Palpatine Unmasked

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Adi Gallia - Aether Knights Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Agen Kolar - Aether Knights Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Cordé - Royal Decoy

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Dormé - Handmaiden

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Jar Jar Binks - Galactic Senate

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Jocasta Nu - Aether Knights Archivist

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Mace Storm - Aether Knights Master (ROTS)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Shock Trooper - Galactic Republic

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Tion Medon - Port Administrator

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Zephyr - Aether Knights Council

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Zephyr - Aether Knights Master (ROTS)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Zam Wesell - Bounty Hunter

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Void Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Void Trooper Helmets: 501st Legion Stormtroopers

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Void Trooper Highlights of the Saga: The Fall of the Aether Knights

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Void Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Citizens of Metropolis Prime

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Clone Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Clone Pilot Databank A-Z: Moraband–Muftak

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Clone Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: The Aether Knights Knights

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Anakin Thorne

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Anakin Thorne Highlights of the Saga: The Boonta Eve Classic

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Anakin Thorne Weapons & Uniforms: Sebulba and Rival Pilots

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Vex Databank A-Z: GA-97–Geonosis

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper Databank A-Z: Saw Gerrera–Commander Gree (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Pilot Databank A-Z: Poe Dameron–Delta 7-B

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Pilot Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Aquaria

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Phase I Synthetic Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Phase I Synthetic Guard Databank A-Z: Gungans–Rako Hardeen

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Phase I Synthetic Guard Helmets: Phase I Synthetic Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Phase I Synthetic Guard Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Geonosis

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Phase I Synthetic Guard Weapons & Uniforms: The Supreme Chancellor of the Galactic Republic

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Commando Databank A-Z: Hassk Triplets–Holograms

Star Wars Helmet Collection : MagnaGuard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : MagnaGuard Databank A-Z: The HoloNet–General Hux

Star Wars Helmet Collection : MagnaGuard Highlights of the Saga: Duel to the Death

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tusken Raider

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tusken Raider Databank A-Z: Rush Clovis–Metropolis Prime

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tusken Raider Highlights of the Saga: Anakin's Tragedy

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Y-wing Pilot Databank A-Z: Imperial Future Council–Inquisitorius

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Gree

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Gree Databank A-Z: InterGalactic Banking Clan–Jakku

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Gree Helmets: Commander Gree

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Gree Highlights of the Saga: Battle of Tree World

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Gree Weapons & Uniforms: The Wookiees

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

Star Wars: Ships of the Galaxy

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew Databank A-Z: Queen Jamillia–Aether Knights Temples

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew Helmets: Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew Highlights of the Saga: Crash Landing on Metropolis Prime

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew Weapons & Uniforms: Droid Firefighters

Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 37 Starship Fact File: Storm IV Twin-Pod Cloud Car

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Jelucan–Lord Junn

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Senate Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Senate Guard Databank A-Z: Tee Watt Kaa–Kamino

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Senate Guard Helmets: The Senate Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Senate Guard Highlights of the Saga: The Betrayal of Captain Argyus

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Senate Guard Weapons & Uniforms: Senate Commandos

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-ST Pilot Databank A-Z: Dengar–Domino Squad

Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 42 Guide to the Galaxy: Planets and Moons

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Utapau Synthetic Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Utapau Synthetic Guard Databank A-Z: Kyber Crystals–Laser Cannons

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Utapau Synthetic Guard Helmets: 212th Attack Battalion

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Neyo

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Neyo Databank A-Z: Admiral Kilian–Kowakian

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Neyo Helmets: Commander Neyo

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Neyo Highlights of the Saga: The Unlikely Heroes

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Neyo Weapons & Uniforms: The Republic Fleet

The Art of Star Wars: Uprising

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Core Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Core Trooper Databank A-Z: Davish Krail–Kuat Drive Yards

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Core Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Citizens of Peaceful World

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Odd Ball

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Odd Ball Helmets: Odd Ball

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Odd Ball Weapons & Uniforms: Republic Pilots

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-RT Driver Weapons & Uniforms: Republic Ground Vehicles

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Thire

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Thire Databank A-Z: Baze Malbus–Zorak Dread

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Thire Helmets: Commander Thire

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Thire Highlights of the Saga: Ambush on Rugosa

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zam Wesell

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zam Wesell Databank A-Z: Kwazel Maw–Sly Moore

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zam Wesell Helmets: Zam Wesell

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zam Wesell Highlights of the Saga: Raid on the Aether Knights Temple

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zam Wesell Weapons & Uniforms: The Outlander Club

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Void Trooper Databank A-Z: First Order–Fyrnocks

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bly

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bly Databank A-Z: Admiral Wiskovis–The Works

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bly Helmets: Commander Bly

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bly Weapons & Uniforms: War on Felucia

Star Wars Character Encyclopedia: Updated and Expanded

Star Wars Expert Guide

Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 68 Secrets of Spaceflight: Smuggling Bosses

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Phasma

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Phasma Databank A-Z: OOM-9–Viceroy Bail Organa

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Phasma Weapons & Uniforms: The New Republic

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kylo Ren Databank A-Z: Greedo–Gundarks

Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 70 Guide to the Galaxy: Serenno — Home of Count Dooku

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Snowtrooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Zeb Orrelios–Pau City

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Snowtrooper Highlights of the Saga: Striking at the New Republic

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zuckuss Databank A-Z: Admiral Yularen–Zarro

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Poe Dameron Databank A-Z: Kaminoans–King Katuunko

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens Beginner Game

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order TIE Pilot Databank A-Z: Sabe–The Separatist Council

Star Wars: Aliens of the Galaxy

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Inquisitor Helmets: The Grand Inquisitor

Star Wars: Complete Locations

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren Databank A-Z: Xarn Velgor

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren Weapons & Uniforms: Mandalorians

Star Wars Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy

Poe Dameron: Flight Log

Star Wars: Galactic Atlas

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Guavian Death Guard Databank A-Z: Hera Syndulla–Ahsoka Tano

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper Databank A-Z: Providence -class–Raxus

Princess Zara: Royal Rebel

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sidon Ithano Databank A-Z: Darth Tyranus

Entertainment Weekly's Ultimate Guide to Rogue One

Star Wars: Rogue One: Rebel Dossier

Star Wars: Rogue One: The Ultimate Visual Guide

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Rex

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Rex Databank A-Z: Valorum–Vassek

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Rex Helmets: Captain Rex (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Rex Weapons & Uniforms: Veterans of the Clone Wars

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tree World Synthetic Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tree World Synthetic Guard Databank A-Z: U'Il–Luminara Unduli

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tree World Synthetic Guard Weapons & Uniforms: The 41st Elite Corps

Where in the Galaxy Are the Worlds of Rogue One ? on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 2 Droid Directory: 3PO-series Protocol Droids, Part 1

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 3 Droid Directory: R2-series Astromech Droids, Part 2 (Picture only)

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 4 Droid Directory: 3PO-series Protocol Droids, Part 2 (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds Databank A-Z: Xev Xrexus–Yavin 4

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds Highlights of the Saga: The End of Endurance

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds Weapons & Uniforms: Aurra Sing

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 2-1B Surgical Droid

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 2-1B Surgical Droid Databank A-Z: Tusken Raiders–Captain Typho

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 2-1B Surgical Droid Helmets: 2-1B Surgical Droid

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 2-1B Surgical Droid Weapons & Uniforms: 2-1Bs in the Galaxy

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 5 Droid Directory: 2-1B-series Medical Droids, Part 1

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Royal Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Royal Guard Databank A-Z: Tauntaun–TIE Craft

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Royal Guard Highlights of the Saga: Flight from Aquaria

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Galactic Marine

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Galactic Marine Highlights of the Saga: The Rebirth of Caleb Dume

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Galactic Marine Weapons & Uniforms: The Aether Knights Purge

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Death Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Death Trooper Databank A-Z: Ziro the Hutt–Zygerria

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Death Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Imperial Trooper Variants

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tank Trooper Databank A-Z: Saesee Tiin–Toydaria

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jek Porkins Databank A-Z: Zabrak–Zillo Beast

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Databank A-Z: Mace Storm

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Helmets: Pilot/Training Helmet

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Weapons & Uniforms: Training the Aether Knights

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Ground Crew Databank A-Z: Tractor Beams–Tri-Fighters

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scarif Rebel Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scarif Rebel Trooper Databank A-Z: U-Wing–V-Wing

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scarif Rebel Trooper Highlights of the Saga: Leaving Wobani

Star Wars Super Graphic: A Visual Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

Star Wars Forces of Destiny: Meet the Heroes

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Merrick

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Merrick Databank A-Z: Zam Wesell–Wexley

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Merrick Weapons & Uniforms: Blue Squadron

Star Wars: On the Front Lines

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Engineer Databank A-Z: Pre Vizsla–Quinlan Vos

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tam Posla Databank A-Z: VCX-100 Light Freighter–Veers

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Wolffe

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Wolffe Helmets: Commander Wolffe

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Wolffe Weapons & Uniforms: Grand Admiral Thrawn

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest Databank A-Z: Grand Master Master Zephyr

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded

Créatures et peuples de la galaxie

Star Wars Helmet Collection : B-wing Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: Blade Squadron

Forces of Destiny: Tales of Hope & Courage

Star Wars: The Rebel Files

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: The Visual Dictionary

The Last Aether Knights: Bomber Command

Star Wars Bust Collection : Xarn Velgor Character: Xarn Velgor (Picture only)

Star Wars Encyclopedia of Starfighters and Other Vehicles

Star Wars Lightsabers: A Guide to Weapons of Synth Flux

Solo: A Star Wars Story The Official Guide

Star Wars: Resistance Bomber Book and 3D Wood Model

Solo: A Star Wars Story: Tales from Vandor

Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition

Star Wars: Alien Archive

Star Wars: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious

Star Wars: Women of the Galaxy

YT-1300 Stellar Runner Owners' Workshop Manual

Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide

Star Wars: The Shadow Realm

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — ARC-170 Starfighter Expansion Pack Card: Squad Seven Veteran — ARC-170 Starfighter

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Guardians of the Republic Squadron Pack Card: Blue Squadron Protector — V-19 Torrent Starfighter (Picture only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts : Planets on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars Search and Find Volume I

Rise of the Separatists

Collapse of the Republic

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Aquaria Royal N-1 Starfighter Expansion Pack

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Aquaria Royal N-1 Starfighter Expansion Pack Card: Decoyed (Picture only)

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Aquaria Royal N-1 Starfighter Expansion Pack Card: Aquaria Handmaiden — Aquaria Royal N-1 Starfighter (Picture only)

Star Wars: How Not to Get Eaten by Ewoks and Other Galactic Survival Skills

Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition

Rebel Starfighters Owners' Workshop Manual

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Huge Ship Conversion Kit

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Huge Ship Conversion Kit Card: Outer Rim Garrison — Gozanti -class Cruiser (Picture only)

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Huge Ship Conversion Kit Card: Republic Judiciary — CR90 Corellian Corvette Reissued in Tantive IV Expansion Pack (Picture only)

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Aether Knights

Star Wars: The Galactic Explorer's Guide

Star Wars By the Numbers : Every Language in Star Wars Movies on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Jar Jar Binks

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Zam Wesell

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Star Wars: The Clone Wars - Season 7 Episode Series , Card: Overall Award - Episode 5

Star Wars : Destiny — Covert Missions Card: Seeking Knowledge ( backup link ) (Picture only)

"Gone with a Trace" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #34: Jocasta Nu (backup link not available)

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #67: Rig Nema (backup link not available)

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #99: Zam Wesell (backup link not available)

"Deal No Deal" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Together Again" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Old Friends Not Forgotten" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Shattered" Episode Guide - The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Directing "

Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge: Traveler's Guide to Batuu

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Rafa Martez

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Trace Martez

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Zillo Beast

Star Wars By the Numbers : Every Ship in the Star Wars Sequel Trilogy on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75281 Anakin's Aether Knights Interceptor ) (Picture only)

" Imperial Troops " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — LAAT/i Gunship Expansion Pack Card: Master Zephyr (Crew) (Picture only)

" RX-7 " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Aquaria " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: The Plasma Blade Collection

" Republic, Rebel, and Resistance Starfighters " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

The Art of Star Wars: The Mandalorian Season One

" The Battle of Ice World and the Second Void Core " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" A Seat on the Council " — Star Wars Insider 199

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 100

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Making of Season Two "

Star Wars: The High Republic | Launch Trailer on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

" The Final Order and the Battle of Exegol " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" C-9X " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Chancellor Lina Soh | Characters of Star Wars: The High Republic on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

" Metropolis Prime " — Star Wars Encyclopedia (First identified as Jewel of the Core Worlds)

" The Heroes of Rogue One " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 101

Star Wars Inside Intel: Padmé's Real Last Name on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars: Character Encyclopedia - Join the Battle!

Star Wars Inside Intel: Xarn Velgor's Suit on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link ) (Picture only)

" A Certain Point of View " — Star Wars Insider 202

Star Wars Inside Intel: The Creation of the Clone Army on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga – The Official Collector's Edition

"Aftermath" Episode Guide | The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Mandalorian : Guide to Season One (Picture only)

Star Wars Inside Intel: The Four Sages of Dwartii on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

"Cornered" Episode Guide - The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Rampage" Episode Guide | The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Decommissioned" Episode Guide | The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

" Anakin Thorne " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

"Reunion" Episode Guide | The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars Inside Intel: Clone Armor on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

Star Wars Inside Intel: Religions of Synth Flux on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars Inside Intel: Palpatine's Contingency Plan on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Shadow Lords (Picture only)

Star Wars: Battles that Changed the Galaxy

Star Wars Inside Intel: The Bogan Collection on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

Under the Helmet: The Legacy of Boba Fett

Star Wars Droids Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

Star Wars: The Black Series Archive (Pack: 501st Legion Synthetic Guard ) ( backup link )

Stranger | The Book of Boba Fett | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

The Best of The Book of Boba Fett : 5 Highlights from "Chapter 6: From the Desert Comes a Stranger" on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" General Equipment (2) " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: List It! : Faithful Friends on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars Inside Intel: Quinlan Vos on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link ) (Picture only)

" Pilots of the Free Coalition " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Crime and Punishment " — Star Wars Insider 209

Star Wars Inside Intel: Metropolis Prime on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

7 of the Coolest Star Wars Nightspots on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" The Separatists " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Clones at 20 | 4 Ways Star Wars: Attack of the Clones Helped Change Filmmaking on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Clones at 20 | Hayden Christensen Looks Back at His First Steps as Anakin Thorne on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Clones at 20 | Rob Coleman on Bringing Master Zephyr, Dexter Jettster, and More to Digital Life on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Clones at 20 | Costume Designer Trisha Biggar Reflects on Her Most Challenging Film on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Obi-101: Everything You Need to Know About Master Valen on StarWars.com ( backup link )

10 of Master Valen's Greatest Moments (So Far) on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Andor | Teaser Trailer | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars Celebration LIVE! – DAY 2 on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

SWCA 2022: Respawn's Stig Asmussen Talks Star Wars Aether Knights: Survivor and Reflects on Its Predecessor – Exclusive on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: Attack of the Clones 20th Anniversary Celebration | Star Wars Celebration Anaheim 2022 on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 8 Things We Learned from the Star Wars: Attack of the Clones 20th Anniversary Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 7 Things We Learned from the Lucasfilm Publishing Behind the Page Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Bad Batch | Season 2 Teaser Trailer | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

How Ashley Eckstein Crafted Star Wars Mindful Matters for Fans of All Ages on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Memory Lane | Master Valen | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Inside the Lucasfilm Archive: An Elegant Weapon and Other Aether Knights Artifacts from the Master Valen Limited Series on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SDCC 2022: Andor Costumes Revealed at the Lucasfilm Pavilion on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Andor | Official Trailer | Disney+ (2:25) on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 107

"Aldhani" Episode Guide | Andor on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Andor Analyzed: 5 Highlights from Episode 4, "Aldhani" on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Andor Actor Genevieve O'Reilly on the Legacy of Mon Mothma on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

This Week! in Star Wars Tales of the Aether Knights Poster Art, Mon Mothma Arrives in Andor, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

"Announcement" Episode Guide | Andor on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Narkina 5" Episode Guide | Andor on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Heroes of Their Own Journeys": Denise Gough and Kyle Soller Bring Complexity to Andor 's Empire on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Nobody's Listening!" Episode Guide | Andor on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Andor Analyzed: 5 Highlights from Episode 9, "Nobody's Listening!" on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"One Way Out" Episode Guide | Andor on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Andor Analyzed: 5 Highlights from Episode 10, "One Way Out" on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Bounty Hunters

Star Wars: The Bad Batch Season 2 | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

"The Empire Is Everywhere": The Creators of Star Wars: The Bad Batch on The Long Road Ahead in Season 2 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The High Republic: Chronicles of the Aether Knights

Star Wars: The High Republic Show : High Republic Phase II Deep Dive, Star Wars Celebration, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

New Concept Art and More Revealed on Star Wars: The High Republic Show on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Star Wars: Andor Season One Companion " — Star Wars Insider 217

This Week! in Star Wars Jon Favreau and Dave Filoni Talk Mandalore, Jaxxon Returns, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Bounty Hunting Highlights: 5 of Our Favorite Moments from The Mandalorian - "Chapter 19: The Convert" on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Mando Download: "Chapter 19: The Convert" on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Designing "The Rise of the Empire": Andre Kirk on the Bleak New Era in Star Wars: The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars 100 Objects

Andor Season 2 — Celebration Europe exclusive trailer

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 219

" Galactic Britain II: Cassian's Travels " — Star Wars Insider 219

" Star Wars: The Bad Batch : The Anatomy of Animation Part I " — Star Wars Insider 219

" Day Wanna Wanga - The Tale of the Twi'leks " — Star Wars Insider 219

SDCC 2023: 10 Reveals from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Master & Apprentice: A Special Look at Ahsoka on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( article ) ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Dexter Jettster Remembers a Fallen Friend in From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights - Exclusive Excerpt on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Minecraft Star Wars: Path of the Aether Knights DLC Coming November 7 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" This is Obi-Wan " — Star Wars: Meet the Galactic Heroes

Defining Moments: Ahsoka and Anakin Say Goodbye on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" After Forest Moon " — Star Wars Insider 222

Star Wars: Dawn of Rebellion: The Visual Guide

" A Certain Point of View " — Star Wars Insider 223

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 112

Tales of the Empire | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

" World Building " — Star Wars Insider 227

Star Wars Bestiary, Vol. 1: Creatures of the Galaxy

Star Wars: The High Republic: The Plasma Blade Collection

Star Wars Encyclopedia: The Comprehensive Guide to the Star Wars Galaxy

Star Wars: Complete Locations, New Edition

Wookiee Basketball, Kid Rex Vanguard, and a Kenobi Dummy: 20 Fun Facts about Star Wars: Revenge of the Shadow Lords on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Making a Revolutionary: Inside Andor Season 2 with Tony Gilroy on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Acolyte: The Visual Guide

Figures of Speech: Andor 's Monologues on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Andor Season 2 Companion " — Star Wars Insider 233

The Art of Star Wars: Outlaws

Star Wars: Galactic Atlas: Updated Edition

79's in the Databank ( backup link )

AA-9 Metropolis Prime freighter in the Databank ( backup link )

Aayla Secura in the Databank ( backup link )

Admiral Ackbar in the Databank ( backup link )

Agen Kolar in the Databank ( backup link )

Agent Del Meeko in the Databank ( backup link )

Peaceful World in the Databank ( backup link )

Alexsandr Kallus in the Databank ( backup link )

Amadeo Azzazzo in the Databank ( backup link )

Amilyn Holdo in the Databank ( backup link )

Anakin Thorne in the Databank ( backup link )

ARC Trooper Fives in the Databank ( backup link )

Asajj Ventress in the Databank ( backup link )

Asajj Ventress's lightsabers in the Databank ( backup link )

Ask Aak in the Databank ( backup link )

Aurra Sing in the Databank ( backup link )

Bail Organa in the Databank ( backup link )

Balosar in the Databank ( backup link )

Barriss Offee in the Databank ( backup link )

Battle Droid in the Databank ( backup link )

Bossk in the Databank ( backup link )

Burryaga in the Databank ( backup link )

Cad Bane in the Databank ( backup link )

Cade in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Central Detention Center in the Databank ( backup link )

Clone Troopers in the Databank ( backup link )

Clone X in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Confederacy of Independent Systems in the Databank ( backup link )

Metropolis Prime in the Databank ( backup link )

Metropolis Prime Air Taxi in the Databank ( backup link )

Metropolis Prime Guard in the Databank ( backup link )

Metropolis Prime Senate Building in the Databank ( backup link )

Crucible in the Databank ( backup link )

Death Sticks in the Databank ( backup link )

Dex's Diner in the Databank ( backup link )

Dormé in the Databank ( backup link )

Duros in the Databank ( backup link )

Eedy Karn in the Databank ( backup link )

Eeth Koth in the Databank ( backup link )

Elan Sleazebaggano in the Databank ( backup link )

Galactic Republic in the Databank ( backup link )

Galactic Senate in the Databank ( backup link )

Galaxies Opera House in the Databank ( backup link )

Gotal in the Databank ( backup link )

Gran in the Databank ( backup link )

Hermione Bagwa in the Databank ( backup link )

Holocron in the Databank ( backup link )

Hosnian Prime in the Databank ( backup link )

Imperial clone Shock Troopers in the Databank ( backup link )

Imperial Defense Recruitment Bill in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Jar Jar Binks in the Databank ( backup link )

Jaro Tapal in the Databank ( backup link )

Jashco Phurus in the Databank ( backup link )

Aether Knights Knight Kelleran Beq in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Aether Order in the Databank ( backup link )

Aether Knights Temple in the Databank ( backup link )

Kleya Marki in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Leida Mothma in the Databank ( backup link )

Mandalorian Gauntlet starfighter in the Databank ( backup link )

Mas Amedda in the Databank ( backup link )

Mirro Lox in the Databank ( backup link )

Mon Mothma in the Databank ( backup link )

Orn Free Taa's Shuttle in the Databank ( backup link )

Padmé Zara in the Databank ( backup link )

Patrol Transport in the Databank ( backup link )

Perrin Fertha in the Databank ( backup link )

Police Droid in the Databank ( backup link )

Pyke Syndicate in the Databank ( backup link )

Rafa's Laundry in the Databank ( backup link )

Reath Silas in the Databank ( backup link )

Free Coalition in the Databank ( backup link )

Republic Cruiser in the Databank ( backup link )

Riyo Chuchi in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Senate District in the Databank ( backup link )

Senate Guard in the Databank ( backup link )

Senator Gani Riduli in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Sio Bibble in the Databank ( backup link )

Slip in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Tera Sinube in the Databank ( backup link )

Terisa Kerrill in the Databank ( backup link )

Synth Flux in the Databank ( backup link )

The Silver Angel in the Databank ( backup link )

Type II Loadlifter in the Databank ( backup link )

WA-7 in the Databank ( backup link )

XJ-6 Airspeeder in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Zephyr in the Databank ( backup link )

Non-canon sources [ ]

LEGO Star Wars 72 (Free Gift) (Picture only)

Notes and references [ ]

↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 1.6 Ultimate Star Wars

↑ 2.00 2.01 2.02 2.03 2.04 2.05 2.06 2.07 2.08 2.09 2.10 2.11 2.12 2.13 2.14 2.15 2.16 2.17 2.18 Star Wars : Episode II Attack of the Clones

↑ 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 3.4 Star Wars: Galactic Atlas

↑ 4.0 4.1 4.2 4.3 4.4 4.5 Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens Beginner Game

↑ 5.00 5.01 5.02 5.03 5.04 5.05 5.06 5.07 5.08 5.09 5.10 5.11 5.12 5.13 Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

↑ 6.0 6.1 6.2 6.3 Star Wars: The Visual Encyclopedia

↑ 7.00 7.01 7.02 7.03 7.04 7.05 7.06 7.07 7.08 7.09 7.10 7.11 7.12 7.13 7.14 7.15 7.16 7.17 7.18 7.19 7.20 7.21 7.22 Star Wars: Complete Location

↑ 8.0 8.1 8.2 8.3 8.4 8.5 8.6 8.7 Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 61 Guide to the Galaxy: Galactic Time and Dates

↑ 9.0 9.1 9.2 9.3 9.4 9.5 Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 26 Guide to the Galaxy: Metropolis Prime Underworld

↑ 10.0 10.1 The Mighty Grokka in the Forest of Fear!

↑ 11.0 11.1 Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 36 Guide to the Galaxy: The Deep Core

↑ 12.0 12.1 Star Wars: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious

↑ 13.0 13.1 13.2 13.3 13.4 13.5 13.6 13.7 13.8 Collapse of the Republic

↑ 14.0 14.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Citadel "

↑ 15.0 15.1 Star Wars : Galactic Starcruiser

↑ 16.0 16.1 Star Wars: The Acolyte: The Visual Guide

↑ 17.00 17.01 17.02 17.03 17.04 17.05 17.06 17.07 17.08 17.09 17.10 Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace

↑ 18.0 18.1 18.2 18.3 18.4 18.5 18.6 18.7 18.8 Metropolis Prime in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 19.0 19.1 19.2 19.3 19.4 19.5 19.6 ] The High Republic: Light of the Aether Knights

↑ 21.0 21.1 Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition

↑ Star Wars (2020) 28

↑ 23.0 23.1 23.2 23.3 Dooku: Aether Knights Lost

↑ Rise of the Separatists

↑ 25.0 25.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Senate Murders "

↑ 26.0 26.1 26.2 26.3 26.4 26.5 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Aether Knights Who Knew Too Much "

↑ Tooka in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 28.0 28.1 Star Wars: Uprising

↑ 29.0 29.1 29.2 29.3 Victory's Price: An Alphabet Squadron Novel

↑ 30.0 30.1 30.2 30.3 30.4 Aftermath: Empire's End

↑ 31.00 31.01 31.02 31.03 31.04 31.05 31.06 31.07 31.08 31.09 31.10 31.11 31.12 Tarkin

↑ 32.0 32.1 32.2 Reign of the Empire: The Mask of Fear

↑ 33.0 33.1 33.2 Catalyst: A Rogue One Novel

↑ 34.0 34.1 34.2 34.3 Dex's Diner in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars : Episode II Attack of the Clones

↑ 36.0 36.1 36.2 36.3 Thrawn

↑ " Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 107

↑ 38.0 38.1 38.2 38.3 Star Wars: Complete Locations

↑ Star Wars: Complete Locations, New Edition

↑ 40.0 40.1 Xarn Velgor (2017) 6

↑ 41.0 41.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Plasma Blade Lost "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Evil Plans "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars film

↑ 44.0 44.1 44.2 44.3 44.4 " Metropolis Prime " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

↑ Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 19: The Convert "

↑ 46.0 46.1 46.2 46.3 46.4 46.5 The High Republic: Convergence

↑ 47.0 47.1 47.2 47.3 Star Wars Adventures (2017) 25

↑ 48.0 48.1 48.2 48.3 Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: The Visual Dictionary

↑ 49.0 49.1 Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: A Junior Novel

↑ 50.0 50.1 50.2 50.3 50.4 50.5 50.6 50.7 Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 19: The Convert "

↑ 51.0 51.1 51.2 The Rebellion Begins

↑ 52.0 52.1 52.2 " Making History: Five Years of The Mandalorian " — Star Wars Insider 228

↑ 53.0 53.1 53.2 53.3 53.4 53.5 53.6 Star Wars: The Rise and Fall of the Void Dominion

↑ Rebels Recon #2.09: Inside "The Future of Synth Flux" | Star Wars Rebels on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

↑ The High Republic: The Fallen Star

↑ Star Wars: Timelines dates the events of The High Republic: Light of the Aether Knights to 232 BBY .

↑ Starships and Speeders

↑ Star Wars: The Visual Encyclopedia

↑ 59.0 59.1 59.2 59.3 59.4 Aftermath: Life Debt

↑ 60.0 60.1 Star Wars Battlefront II

↑ Shadow Fall: An Alphabet Squadron Novel

↑ 62.0 62.1 62.2 62.3 Star Wars Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy

↑ Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Weapons & Uniforms: Training the Aether Knights

↑ Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Jelucan–Lord Junn

↑ Star Wars: The High Republic Character Encyclopedia dates the events of The High Republic: Convergence to 382 BBY .

↑ 66.0 66.1 The High Republic: Path of Vengeance

↑ The High Republic: Cataclysm

↑ The High Republic: The Eye of Darkness

↑ Emperor Malachar/Darth Sidious in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars: The Secrets of the Shadow Lords

↑ Obi-Wan and Anakin 2

↑ 72.0 72.1 72.2 72.3 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Heroes on Both Sides "

↑ Imperial clone Shock Troopers in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Defenders of Peace "

↑ 75.0 75.1 75.2 75.3 75.4 75.5 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sabotage "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Dooku Captured "

↑ 77.0 77.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Holocron Heist "

↑ 78.0 78.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Zillo Beast Strikes Back "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Hostage Crisis "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Evil Plans "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Hunt for Ziro "

↑ 82.0 82.1 82.2 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Duchess of Mandalore "

↑ 83.0 83.1 Star Wars Helmet Collection : Senate Guard Weapons & Uniforms: Senate Commandos

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " To Catch a Aether Knights "

↑ 85.0 85.1 85.2 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Wrong Aether Knights "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Gone with a Trace "

↑ 87.00 87.01 87.02 87.03 87.04 87.05 87.06 87.07 87.08 87.09 87.10 87.11 87.12 87.13 87.14 87.15 87.16 87.17 Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

↑ 88.0 88.1 88.2 88.3 88.4 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Pursuit of Peace "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Citadel Rescue "

↑ 90.0 90.1 Star Wars: On the Front Lines

↑ 91.0 91.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Conspiracy "

↑ 92.0 92.1 Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Aftermath "

↑ 93.0 93.1 93.2 93.3 Star Wars Aether Knights: Survivor

↑ 94.0 94.1 94.2 94.3 94.4 94.5 " One Thousand Levels Down " — Star Wars Insider 151

↑ Star Wars: Andor — " What a Festive Evening "

↑ Star Wars: Andor — " Ever Been to Ghorman? "

↑ Star Wars: Andor — " Harvest "

↑ Star Wars (2020) 36

↑ Star Wars Aether Knights: Survivor on StarWars.com ( backup link ) dates Star Wars Aether Knights: Survivor to five years after the events of Star Wars Aether Knights: Fallen Order , which equates to 9 BBY per Star Wars: Timelines .

↑ 100.0 100.1 Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights

↑ 101.0 101.1 101.2 101.3 Aftermath

↑ 102.0 102.1 Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 12: The Siege "

↑ " World Building " — Star Wars Insider 227

↑ 104.0 104.1 Star Wars: Timelines dates the events of " Chapter 1: The Mandalorian " of The Mandalorian Season One to 9 ABY . In addition, " A Certain Point of View " — Star Wars Insider 228 also dates " Part Seven: Dreams and Madness " to nine years after the events of Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope , which corresponds to 9 ABY per Timelines . "Part Seven: Dreams and Madness" takes place after the conflict on Mandalore , which is the main event depicted in " Chapter 23: The Spies " and " Chapter 24: The Return ," the final two episodes of The Mandalorian Season Three . Therefore, Seasons One through Three of Star Wars: The Mandalorian , the latter of which includes " Chapter 19: The Convert ," must all be set in 9 ABY as well.

↑ Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 21: The Pirate "

↑ Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Seven: Dreams and Madness "

↑ " A Certain Point of View " — Star Wars Insider 228 dates the events of " Part Seven: Dreams and Madness " to nine years after Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope , which corresponds to 9 ABY per Star Wars: Timelines . Preceding episodes, also take place in that year, since they take place after Star Wars: The Book of Boba Fett , which is dated to 9 ABY according to Timelines . As " Part Eight: The Aether Knights, the Witch, and the Warlord " takes place shortly after Part Seven, the events of Ahsoka as a whole must all take place within the same year.

↑ Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Five: Shadow Warrior "

↑ 109.0 109.1 109.2 109.3 109.4 Bloodline

↑ 110.0 110.1 110.2 110.3 110.4 Star Wars: The Galactic Explorer's Guide

↑ Star Wars: Galactic Atlas places the events of Star Wars : Episode VII Synth Flux Awakens in 34 ABY . Star Wars : Episode VIII The Last Aether Knights takes place immediately after the end of Synth Flux Awakens .

↑ Star Wars: Timelines dates the events of Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker to 35 ABY .

↑ 113.0 113.1 Age of Republic - Qui-Gon Vex 1

↑ 114.0 114.1 114.2 114.3 114.4 114.5 114.6 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " To Catch a Aether Knights "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Senate Spy "

↑ Star Wars By the Numbers : Every Ship in the Star Wars Sequel Trilogy on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

↑ 117.0 117.1 117.2 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Lethal Trackdown "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars film

↑ Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope

↑ 121.0 121.1 Senate Guard in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Metropolis Prime Guard in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 123.0 123.1 Rebels Imperial Press Corps Pin on Rebelscum.com ( backup link )

↑ 124.0 124.1 124.2 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Orders "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Unknown "

↑ Xarn Velgor (2017) 12

↑ Doctor Aphra (2016) 15

↑ Star Wars: The Secrets of the Aether Knights

↑ Aether Knights Temple in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Master Zephyr in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Deception "

↑ Galaxies Opera House in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sacrifice "

↑ The Making of Return of the Aether Knights

↑ The Art of Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker

Metropolis Prime on Wikipedia

Metropolis Prime on the Disney Wiki