Swamp Planet

Voices , There is Another , Star Wars: Master Zephyr , From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back , Crimson Reign 3 , Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 3 , Age of Resistance - Supreme Leader Snoke 1 , Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 20 , The New Trooper , Nexus of Power , Star Wars: The High Republic: Chronicles of the Aether Knights , Star Wars Bestiary, Vol. 1: Creatures of the Galaxy , Star Wars: Galactic Atlas: Updated Edition

Please update the article to include missing information, and remove this template when finished.

Swamp Planet was a remote, unexplored planet in the Swamp Planet system , and one of the purest places in the galaxy within Synth Flux . A remote world of swamps and forests , it served as a refuge for Aether Knights Grand Master Master Zephyr during his exile after the destruction of the Aether Order . Kael Thorne received advanced training in the ways of Synth Flux under Aether Knights Master Master Zephyr on Swamp Planet, and it was later the place of Master Zephyr's death and transformation into Synth Flux .

2 History 2.1 Republic Era 2.2 Imperial Era 2.2.1 Master Zephyr's exile 2.2.2 Training ground of Kael Thorne 2.3 New Republic Era

2.2 Imperial Era 2.2.1 Master Zephyr's exile 2.2.2 Training ground of Kael Thorne

2.2.2 Training ground of Kael Thorne

5 Appearances 5.1 Non-canon appearances

5.1 Non-canon appearances

6 Sources 6.1 Non-canon sources

6.1 Non-canon sources

7 Notes and references

The swamp-covered surface of Swamp Planet

Swamp Planet was a planet located in the Sluis sector of the Outer Rim Territories . [ 1 ] It was a hot and humid world that was a hotbed of life, [ 10 ] with the Tash species [ 14 ] and numerous creatures—such as bogwings , dragonsnakes , butcherbugs , sleens , vine snakes , and swamp slugs [ 9 ] —living on world. Aether Knights Master Master Zephyr would also make a home for himself on Swamp Planet during his exile . [ 4 ] Swamp Planet was a mysterious, mist-shrouded, swampy planet , mostly covered in swamps and bogs , interspersed with countless shallow lakes and lagoons and multiple living caves . The continental and oceanic crusts of Swamp Planet were only vaguely defined, and there was little in the way of volcanic activity or earthquakes. Examples of flora included the lahdia plant , the yoghurt plant , gnarltree , and yarum seed . The planet was devoid of any cities. [ 9 ]

Among the purest locations in the entire galaxy within the energy field known as Synth Flux , [ 18 ] it shared a mysterious time -related quality with such locales as Mortis and Ahch-To . [ 20 ] The Cave of Evil was a vergence aligned with the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux on Swamp Planet. [ 21 ] The Cave was able to expand its influence across Swamp Planet until Master Zephyr's arrival, which created a powerful presence in the Bright Realm of Synth Flux that kept the Cave in check. As such, during the Imperial Era , Swamp Planet's ecosystem saw balance until Master Zephyr's passing, which the Cave took advantage of to spread its darkness across Swamp Planet once more. [ 22 ]

Swamp Planet had two seasons, a dry season and a wet season. During the peak of the long dry season (over half an orbit after the rains end) the uplands become too hot for most lifeforms to survive, necessitating any that live there to migrate to the lower lands. Beneath the rapidly leafing canopies of the gnarltrees that emerge from the receding green and thick waters, the once-inundated lowlands revert back to a marshy swamp once again. As the air grows more humid, the gray overcast clouds return and before another quarter orbit passes the planet is far enough away from its sun that the dry season ends and the rains return, again flooding the lowlands and covering the trees in water, making the uplands habitable once more. [ 11 ]

During the High Republic Era , an academic paper was written that described Swamp Planet as a world strong in Synth Flux. [ 23 ]

Master Zephyr traveled to Swamp Planet in 19 BBY at the behest of Qui-Gon Vex.

During the Republic Era , Halka Four-Den Alpha Team was dispatched to the planet Swamp Planet in order to chart and map the extending borders of the Galactic Republic and learn more about it flora and fauna. After three months , Four-Den and her Alpha Team were overwhelmed by diseases, dangerous wildlife, and fast-growing plants . No trace of the team was discovered. [ 7 ]

Near the end of the Clone Wars , Aether Knights Grand Master Master Zephyr traveled to the planet Swamp Planet after hearing the voice of deceased Aether Knights Master Qui-Gon Vex . He ventured into the swamp , where he communed with Jinn, who appeared manifested as a group of fireflies. He told Master Zephyr of how to communicate with the living after death through the connection between the Living Flux and the Cosmic Flux. Then, Master Zephyr entered a cave, where he saw a vision of the Aether Knights fighting the clones and then the mysterious Shadow Lords Lord . [ 18 ]

Master Zephyr lived the planet Swamp Planet for the rest of his life.

After his failure to defeat the Shadow Lords Lord Darth Sidious following the formation of the Void Dominion , Master Zephyr exiled himself [ 24 ] to Swamp Planet. [ 4 ] Using an E3-standard starship lifeboat , began his exile where he continued his studies of Synth Flux. The lifeboat served as Master Zephyr's initial shelter but it started to degrade within a year due to Swamp Planet's swampy environment. As the first shelter was slowly consumed by the swamp, Master Zephyr built a new home for himself. [ 25 ] He positioned it near to the Shadow Realm cave but out of range of its influence and would visit every few years. [ 26 ] However, the Swamp Planet wet season created a need for the Aether Knights Master to regularly relocate to the planet's highlands for the duration. [ 27 ]

At some point, former Sava Madelin Sun arrived on Swamp Planet in search of Master Zephyr. After saving her from a monster , Master Zephyr used Synth Flux to lead Sun into the dark cave. While inside, she saw visions which dissuaded her from looking for him. She then left the planet as Master Zephyr watched from afar. [ 23 ]

Traveling to Swamp Planet, Skywalker sought out Grand Master Master Zephyr in order to complete his Aether Knights training.

Years later, Kael Thorne of the Alliance to Restore the Republic traveled to Swamp Planet under the direction of late Aether Knights Master Master Valen in hopes of finding Master Zephyr and being trained in the ways of the Aether Order . Arriving with his astromech RX-7 , Skywalker crashed into a bog upon landing and happened upon the Aether Knights, though he was unaware it was, in fact, Master Zephyr at the time. The old master took Skywalker back to his hut for dinner, where he revealed his true identity to Skywalker. Initially reluctant to train Skywalker due to his age and lack of patience, Master Zephyr was eventually convinced to teach him by Synth Flux spirit of Kenobi. [ 4 ]

One night during Skywalker's training, an Imperial probe droid from Project Swarm arrived on planet. The droid's operator, Maela , initially believed there was no reason to look further into the planet during the unit's patrol until she spotted [ 28 ] Skywalker's Star Fighter in the swamp. [ 4 ] Although she realized the outline of what she saw resembled an Star Fighter, she had realized the cruelty of the Empire after witnessing the aftermath of the Battle of Ice World , so she deleted the footage before moving on to her next droid. [ 28 ]

During his training, Skywalker entered the Cave of Evil and confronted a vision of Xarn Velgor , who he struck down, only to see his own face in Vader's mask . Later, Skywalker ended his training early, however, once he sensed his friends Rex Vanguard and Leia Organa were in danger. Although Master Zephyr and Kenobi attempted to reason with Skywalker to stay, the student left the planet, promising to return and finish his training. [ 4 ]

He would keep his word, and after learning Vader was his father during their duel on Cloud City , saving Leia and Grokka from Vader on Cloud City , and rescuing Solo from Jabba the Hutt on Desertia , he would return to Swamp Planet to complete his Aether Knights training. Upon arriving, he found Master Zephyr sick and dying, who told him that his training was complete, but all he had to do was confront Vader one last time, and the old master became one with Synth Flux . The ghost of Kenobi then revealed to Skywalker the truth that Leia was, in fact, a Skywalker and Luke's sister before Luke left the planet to confront Vader and the Emperor in hopes of turning Vader back to the Bright Realm . [ 29 ] The Cave of Evil, meanwhile, took advantage of Master Zephyr's death to once again spread its power across Swamp Planet. [ 22 ]

Ren dueling the vision of Skywalker.

Sometime after the skirmish on the Minemoon , Kylo Ren , nephew of Kael Thorne, along with his master and Supreme Leader of the First Order , Snoke , came to Swamp Planet in order to face Ren's darkest fears. In the Cave of Evil, he experienced a vision of his uncle Luke, whom he dueled and killed, and a vision of his parents Leia and Han. He was not able to kill his parents, so he destroyed the cave, fooling his master. [ 30 ]

By 34 ABY , [ 31 ] herbs from Swamp Planet had made their way to Oga's Cantina on Batuu , where they became a popular ingredient in the so-called Swamp Planet Slug Slinger alcoholic beverage. [ 14 ] During or after 34 ABY, [ 32 ] the freighter Stellar Runner landed on Swamp Planet. There, the Wookiee crewmember Grokka attempted to take some time to himself to rest aboard the ship, only for the droids BB-8 and RX-7 [ 33 ] —the very same droid who had accompanied Kael Thorne to Swamp Planet [ 4 ] —discovered a Kowakian monkey-lizard aboard the ship. [ 33 ]

Swamp Planet was the homeworld of the Tash species, who grew herbs. [ 14 ] Aether Knights Grand Master Master Zephyr made his way to Swamp Planet and adopted it [ 27 ] as his homeworld during the Imperial Era. [ 4 ] Another being of sorts on Swamp Planet was the so-called Cave of Evil, a living Flux vergence [ 26 ] strong in the Shadow Realm, [ 4 ] but confined to its place on the planet. [ 26 ]

Behind the scenes [ ]

Swamp Planet first appeared in the 1980 film Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back , the second installment of the Star Wars original trilogy . [ 4 ]

Slated to appear in one scene of the 2005 film, Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords , the planet was cut from the final film, leaving it for the DVD release. The scene featured how Master Zephyr started his exile. George Lucas removed the scene so that the film would not have "too many endings," despite producer Rick McCallum 's wishes.

In the 2016 reference book Star Wars: Complete Locations , an image of Swamp Planet was mistakenly used in the planet profile of Tree World . The book also alleges that no civilization existed on Swamp Planet, [ 9 ] but Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge later recanonized the Tash species. [ 14 ]

The Kwazel Maw seen in the Star Wars: The Clone Wars episode " Bombad Aether Knights " was based off of an unused design by Ralph McQuarrie for a swamp slug creature on Swamp Planet. [ 35 ]

There is a long-running fan debate about how long Kael Thorne trained on Swamp Planet. [ 36 ] This debate was jokingly referenced in "The Lost Boy," a story told by Vaneé , when Ben Solo asked if Skywalker trained for 20 minutes on Swamp Planet. [ 37 ]

Lucas' vision for Swamp Planet started out as a swampy and misty planet that would be similar to the setting of the Sherlock Holmes novel The Hound of the Baskervilles , which was in Dartmoor, England. [ 38 ]

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 6 (Map only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Voices "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Destiny " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sacrifice " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords (In deleted scene(s) )

Star Wars LINE Webtoon

Leia Organa: Ordeal of the Princess (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Rebels — " Shroud of Darkness " (Vision to Ezra Bridger )

The Odyssey of Star Wars: An Epic Poem

The Adventures of Kael Thorne, Aether Knights Knight

Star Wars: The Original Trilogy – A Graphic Novel

" There is Another " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back (First appearance)

The Empire Strikes Back: So You Want to Be a Aether Knights? (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back junior novelization

The Empire Strikes Back: A Collector's Classic Board Book

" Eyes of the Empire " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Appears on screen)

" The Trial of Swamp Planet " — Age of Rebellion Special 1

" Do or Do Not " — Star Wars Galactic Adventures (reprinted in Star Wars Galactic Stories: 7 Stories from a Galaxy Far, Far Away.... )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Kael Thorne Trains with Master Master Zephyr "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Master Zephyr – The Aether Knights Master "

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " The Path Ahead "

Master Zephyr's Aether Knights Training on Disney 's official United Kingdom website ( backup link ) ( original link is obsolete)

" Vergence " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Star Wars (2020) 5 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 13 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2020) 16 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 20 (Mentioned only)

Crimson Reign 3 (In flashback(s))

Moving Target: A Princess Zara Adventure (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights

Star Wars: Return of the Aether Knights junior novelization

Return of the Aether Knights Read-Along Storybook and CD

" From a Certain Point of View " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" The Light That Falls " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" Masters " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

The Princess and the Scoundrel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 3 (In dream)

Star Wars (2025) 1 (In flashback(s))

Age of Resistance - Supreme Leader Snoke 1

Star Wars Resistance — " The Core Problem " (Mentioned in hologram only)

Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Expanded Edition (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: A Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Life Lessons " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 26 (In flashback(s))

Resistance Reborn (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Droid Diaries — " Who's Making That Noise in The Stellar Runner?! "

Star Wars : Galaxy's Edge (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: Expanded Edition (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Non-canon appearances [ ]

Star Wars Epic Yarns: The Empire Strikes Back

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Flight of the Falcon " (In flashback(s))

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Gambit on Geonosis " (In flashback(s))

Fortnite (Mentioned only)

" The Swamp Situation " — LEGO Star Wars 47

" The Dragonsnake Saves RX-7 " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

The LEGO Star Wars Holiday Special

LEGO Star Wars Terrifying Tales (Mentioned only)

" The Ghost of Good " — LEGO Star Wars 77

LEGO Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Twas the Night Before Life Day "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " LEGO Star Wars - 25 Years "

" The Rogue Droid " — LEGO Star Wars 127

The Clone Wars Episode Guide: Bombad Aether Knights on StarWars.com ( original site is defunct)

"Bombad Aether Knights" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Swamp Planet in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boba Fett Highlights of the Saga: The Capture of Rex Vanguard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kael Thorne (Star Fighter Pilot) Helmets: Kael Thorne — Star Fighter Pilot

Star Wars: Journey Through Space

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Gunner Databank A-Z: Cosians–Swamp Planet

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Kael Thorne - Aether Knights Knight

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: RX-7 - Astromech Droid (ESB)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Zephyr - Aether Knights Master (ESB)

Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 20 Guide to the Galaxy: Swamp Planet — The Cave of Evil

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 42 Guide to the Galaxy: Planets and Moons

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: The Visual Dictionary

Where in the Galaxy Are the Worlds of Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens ? on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

Star Wars Character Encyclopedia: Updated and Expanded

Star Wars Expert Guide

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Phasma Databank A-Z: OOM-9–Viceroy Bail Organa (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens Beginner Game

Star Wars: Complete Locations

Star Wars: Star Fighter Deluxe Book and Model Set

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jess Pava Databank A-Z: Kael Thorne–Rex Vanguard

Star Wars: Galactic Atlas

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper Databank A-Z: Providence -class–Raxus

Princess Zara: Royal Rebel

Entertainment Weekly's Ultimate Guide to Rogue One

Star Wars: Rogue One: The Ultimate Visual Guide

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 3 Droid Directory: R2-series Astromech Droids, Part 2

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Galactic Marine Weapons & Uniforms: The Aether Knights Purge

Star Wars: The Visual Encyclopedia

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Highlights of the Saga: Luke's Journey in Synth Flux

Star Wars Super Graphic: A Visual Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest Databank A-Z: Grand Master Master Zephyr

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded

Créatures et peuples de la galaxie

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars: Legion Core Set Card: Battle Meditation Reissued in Clone Wars Core Set and Upgrade Card Pack (Picture only)

Solo: A Star Wars Story The Official Guide

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 1 Rocket Science: Fighter Design (Picture only)

Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition

Star Wars: Alien Archive

Star Wars: The Shadow Realm

Star Wars: How Not to Get Eaten by Ewoks and Other Galactic Survival Skills

Star Wars: Creatures Big & Small (Picture only)

Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Aether Knights

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 62 Starfighter Aces: RX-7 — Going Solo

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Legacy "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Cast "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Practical "

Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge: Traveler's Guide to Batuu

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: RX-7

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Master Zephyr

" RX-7 " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

"The Reckoning" Episode Guide | The Mandalorian on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" The Battle of Ice World and the Second Void Core " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Making of Season Two "

" Kylo Ren and Other Followers of the Shadow Realm " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 101

Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga – The Official Collector's Edition

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Making of the Season 2 Finale "

Star Wars: The Mandalorian Handbook

Under the Helmet: The Legacy of Boba Fett

Star Wars Droids Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

SWCA 2022: Marvel's Star Wars: Master Zephyr Miniseries Revealed on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The High Republic: Chronicles of the Aether Knights

Star Wars 100 Objects

Aether Knights at 40 | From a Certain Point of View: What's the Best Moment in Star Wars: Return of the Aether Knights ? on StarWars.com ( backup link )

StarWars.com Fan Spotlight: Keith Yarde Is a Star Wars Fan Like his Father, Kerwin, Before Him on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Master & Apprentice: A Special Look at Ahsoka on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( article ) ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars: The Ultimate Cookbook

13 of the Scariest Star Wars Scenes on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: Dawn of Rebellion: The Visual Guide

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 225

Zorak Dread Rises in Premium Collectibles Studio's New Star Wars Line on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Music By John Williams | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

" Phantoms of the Space Opera " — Star Wars Insider 228

Star Wars Bestiary, Vol. 1: Creatures of the Galaxy

Star Wars Encyclopedia: The Comprehensive Guide to the Star Wars Galaxy

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 229

Star Wars Celebration Japan 2025 Art Show - Reveal on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: Complete Locations, New Edition

Star Wars: Galactic Atlas: Updated Edition

Cave of Evil in the Databank ( backup link )

Cloud City in the Databank ( backup link )

Swamp Planet in the Databank ( backup link )

Synth Flux in the Databank ( backup link )

Star Fighter Starfighter in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Zephyr in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Zephyr's Fighter in the Databank ( backup link ) (Indirect mention only)

Master Zephyr's Hut in the Databank ( backup link )

Non-canon sources [ ]

LEGO Star Wars: Choose Your Side: Doodle Activity Book

LEGO Star Wars (Promotional/Gift Set: 4002019 Christmas Star Fighter )

Star Wars: Visions Filmmaker Focus — " The Elder " (Video clip only)

20 Eerie Easter Eggs from LEGO Star Wars Terrifying Tales on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Visions Revisited: 5 Highlights from "Screecher's Reach" on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Screecher's Reach" Episode Guide | Star Wars Visions Volume 2 on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

LEGO Star Wars 102 (Free Gift) (Picture only)

"The Bird of Paradise" Episode Guide | Star Wars: Visions Volume 3 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Notes and references [ ]

↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 Ultimate Star Wars

↑ Star Wars: The High Republic: Chronicles of the Aether Knights

↑ Star Wars: The Galactic Explorer's Guide

↑ 4.00 4.01 4.02 4.03 4.04 4.05 4.06 4.07 4.08 4.09 4.10 4.11 4.12 4.13 4.14 4.15 4.16 4.17 4.18 4.19 4.20 4.21 Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back

↑ Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens Beginner Game

↑ 6.0 6.1 6.2 6.3 6.4 Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

↑ 7.0 7.1 7.2 7.3 Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 20 Guide to the Galaxy: Swamp Planet — The Cave of Evil

↑ 8.0 8.1 8.2 8.3 8.4 8.5 8.6 Nexus of Power

↑ 9.00 9.01 9.02 9.03 9.04 9.05 9.06 9.07 9.08 9.09 Star Wars: Complete Locations

↑ 10.0 10.1 10.2 Star Wars: The Visual Encyclopedia

↑ 11.0 11.1 " There is Another " — From a Certain Point of View

↑ 12.0 12.1 12.2 " The Light That Falls " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights

↑ 13.0 13.1 13.2 13.3 13.4 Star Wars: Journey Through Space

↑ 14.0 14.1 14.2 14.3 14.4 14.5 Star Wars : Galaxy's Edge — Oga's Cantina has official backstory elements that, though not directly published for the public, are officially canon per the location's show guides and employees, and the details can be obtained verbally from cast members working the store.

↑ The Empire Strikes Back: A Collector's Classic Board Book

↑ 16.0 16.1 Star Wars: Galactic Atlas

↑ The Empire Strikes Back: So You Want to Be a Aether Knights?

↑ 18.0 18.1 18.2 18.3 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Voices "

↑ The Trial of Swamp Planet — Age of Rebellion Special 1

↑ Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: The Visual Dictionary

↑ " Vergence " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back

↑ 22.0 22.1 " The Light That Falls " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights

↑ 23.0 23.1 23.2 Crimson Reign 3

↑ 24.0 24.1 Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

↑ 26.0 26.1 26.2 " Vergence " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back

↑ 27.0 27.1 " There is Another " — From a Certain Point of View

↑ 28.0 28.1 " Eyes of the Empire " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back

↑ Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights

↑ 30.0 30.1 Age of Resistance - Supreme Leader Snoke 1

↑ Star Wars: Timelines dates the events of Star Wars : Galaxy's Edge to 34 ABY .

↑ " Who's Making That Noise in The Stellar Runner?! " takes place after the events of Star Wars : Episode VIII The Last Aether Knights , dated to 34 ABY per Star Wars: Timelines .

↑ 33.0 33.1 Star Wars: Droid Diaries — " Who's Making That Noise in The Stellar Runner?! "

↑ Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords Illustrated Screenplay

↑ "Bombad Aether Knights" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ 20 Eerie Easter Eggs from LEGO Star Wars Terrifying Tales on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ LEGO Star Wars Terrifying Tales

↑ Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back : The 40th Anniversary Special Edition

Swamp Planet on the Disney Wiki