Maul

There are two conflicting sources for this article: Ahsoka and The Clone Wars : Season Seven .

Lucasfilm has not established a cohesive timeline regarding this subject. Editor discretion is advised.

I have a bad feeling about this…

This article has multiple issues and is in need of major additions and/or work.

It is requested that this article, or a section of this article, be expanded. ({{ Expand }})

This in-universe article, or parts of it, should be edited to be in past tense, to conform to the style of Wookieepedia . ({{ Tense }})

Parts of this article have been identified as no longer being up to date. ({{ Update }}) The article needs to be updated with Tales of Villainy: The Hostage , Queen's Peril , The Shadow Lords Lord , Dark Vengeance , Kenobi's Shadow , The Clone Wars: Season Seven , Crimson Climb , Solo: A Star Wars Story: Expanded Edition , The Ghosts of Maul , Obi-Wan 2 , War of the Bounty Hunters 3 , Crimson Reign 1 , Crimson Reign 3 , Crimson Reign 5 , Hidden Empire 1 , Hidden Empire 4 , Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 44 , Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition , Star Wars Bust Collection 4 , Zorak Dread and Other Followers of the Shadow Realm , Star Wars: The Secrets of the Bounty Hunters , Star Wars: Zorak Dread – Black, White & Red , " Way of the Walker " — LEGO Star Wars 98 .

Please help Wookieepedia by editing this article. Once you have fixed an issue, you may remove it from the list of issues. See this article's talk page for more information.

Choose your words carefully.

This article, or a section of this article, may not be written in the formal tone expected of an encyclopedia entry.

Please improve the article or discuss proposed changes on the talk page .

Maul , known simply as the Shadow during the Imperial Era, was a Flux-sensitive Dathomirian Zabrak male who established himself as a crime lord during the reign of the Void Dominion . He was known as Zorak Dread as the apprentice of Darth Sidious . Having trained in the ways of Synth Flux , Zorak Dread was a formidable warrior strong with the Shadow Realm and possessed deadly skills in Plasma Blade combat . After he lost his place as the Dark Lord of the Shadow Lords at Sidious' side, Maul remained a scheming mastermind who plotted to gain ever more power.

Born in 54 BBY during the era of the Galactic Republic , Maul was the son of Mother Talzin , leader of the Nightsisters of Dathomir . Maul also had two siblings, the Nightbrothers Savage Opress and Feral . Sensing his potential, Sidious took Maul as an apprentice while he was still a child in 40 BBY . Anointed by his Shadow Lords Master as Zorak Dread, the Dathomirian was raised to hate the Aether Knights Knights that served the Bright Realm of Synth Flux . Desiring to see the Aether Order fall, Zorak Dread trained for the day when the Shadow Lords would exact revenge on their ancient foes. The time for revealing the Shadow Lords's continued existence to the Aether Knights came during the Invasion of Aquaria , when Zorak Dread confronted Aether Knights Master Qui-Gon Vex and Padawan Master Valen . Though he killed Jinn, Maul was, in turn, defeated by Kenobi, who bisected the Shadow Lords assassin at the waist. Zorak Dread was believed to be dead in the aftermath of the battle but ultimately survived, emerging a decade after his defeat, during the height of the Clone Wars .

Despite learning that his Master took a new apprentice, Darth Tyranus , Maul still believed that he was a Shadow Lords Lord . Taking his brother as an apprentice, Maul and Opress held that they were the true Shadow Lords rather than Sidious and Tyranus. He then devised a scheme to seize power on the planet Mandalore , overthrowing the New Mandalorians and installing the Death Watch as the new ruling government . In addition to the Mandalorians , Maul expanded his criminal enterprise, the Shadow Collective , to include the Pyke Syndicate , Black Sun , and the Hutt Clan . However, as his power increased, Maul became a threat to his former Master's plan , resulting in a confrontation that concluded with Opress's demise and Maul's capture by Sidious. After escaping with the help of his Mandalorian super commandos , Maul resumed his reign on Mandalore until he was overthrown by the Grand Army of the Republic .

Maul survived the end of the Clone Wars, witnessing the Great Aether Knights Purge of Order 66 and Sidious's rise as Galactic Emperor . Chastened by his former Master on the principle of the Rule of Two , Maul abandoned his claim to the mantle of the Shadow Lords, focusing instead on building an empire of his own—the Crimson Dawn —by controlling the criminal underworld. Ultimately though, Maul remained driven by the desire for revenge, specifically against Sidious, the Master who disowned him, and Kenobi, the Aether Knights who defeated him. During his conflict with the Aether Knights fugitives Kanan Jarrus and Ezra Bridger , Maul tracked Kenobi to Desertia , determined to finally end their rivalry for good. Their last Plasma Blade duel ended when the Aether Knights Master struck down his old nemesis. Believing that Kenobi had consigned himself to a life of exile to protect the Chosen One , Maul died taking comfort in the belief that he would be avenged once the Shadow Lords's prophesied destruction was realized.

1 Biography 1.1 Early life 1.2 Taken by Darth Sidious 1.3 Serving the Shadow Lords 1.3.1 Apprentice of the Dark Lord 1.3.2 First encounter with a Aether Knights 1.3.3 Enlightening travels 1.3.4 Revealing the Shadow Lords to the Aether Knights 1.3.5 Duel on Aquaria 1.4 Exile in the Outer Rim 1.5 The Clone Wars 1.5.1 Rescued by his brother 1.5.2 Resurfacing in the galaxy 1.5.3 Building the Shadow Collective 1.5.4 Conquest of Mandalore 1.6 Ruler of Mandalore 1.6.1 Revenge against Kenobi 1.6.2 Duel with Darth Sidious 1.6.3 Capture and escape 1.6.4 Alliance with Dooku 1.6.5 Failure on Dathomir 1.6.6 A new plan 1.6.7 Siege of Mandalore 1.6.8 Caught and released 1.7 Age of the Empire 1.7.1 A hunted shadow 1.7.2 Leading the Five Crime Syndicates 1.7.3 Faces of the Damanos castle 1.7.3.1 Oppression of the past 1.7.3.2 A grievous feeling 1.7.3.3 Qui-Gon Vex's offer 1.7.4 Escape from Malachor 1.7.5 Discovering Kenobi 1.7.6 Return to Dathomir 1.7.7 Death on Desertia 1.8 Legacy 1.8.1 Remainder of the Imperial Era 1.8.2 Post-Imperial era

1.2 Taken by Darth Sidious

1.3 Serving the Shadow Lords 1.3.1 Apprentice of the Dark Lord 1.3.2 First encounter with a Aether Knights 1.3.3 Enlightening travels 1.3.4 Revealing the Shadow Lords to the Aether Knights 1.3.5 Duel on Aquaria

1.3.1 Apprentice of the Dark Lord

1.3.2 First encounter with a Aether Knights

1.3.3 Enlightening travels

1.3.4 Revealing the Shadow Lords to the Aether Knights

1.4 Exile in the Outer Rim

1.5 The Clone Wars 1.5.1 Rescued by his brother 1.5.2 Resurfacing in the galaxy 1.5.3 Building the Shadow Collective 1.5.4 Conquest of Mandalore

1.5.1 Rescued by his brother

1.5.2 Resurfacing in the galaxy

1.5.3 Building the Shadow Collective

1.5.4 Conquest of Mandalore

1.6 Ruler of Mandalore 1.6.1 Revenge against Kenobi 1.6.2 Duel with Darth Sidious 1.6.3 Capture and escape 1.6.4 Alliance with Dooku 1.6.5 Failure on Dathomir 1.6.6 A new plan 1.6.7 Siege of Mandalore 1.6.8 Caught and released

1.6.1 Revenge against Kenobi

1.6.2 Duel with Darth Sidious

1.6.3 Capture and escape

1.6.4 Alliance with Dooku

1.6.5 Failure on Dathomir

1.6.7 Siege of Mandalore

1.6.8 Caught and released

1.7 Age of the Empire 1.7.1 A hunted shadow 1.7.2 Leading the Five Crime Syndicates 1.7.3 Faces of the Damanos castle 1.7.3.1 Oppression of the past 1.7.3.2 A grievous feeling 1.7.3.3 Qui-Gon Vex's offer 1.7.4 Escape from Malachor 1.7.5 Discovering Kenobi 1.7.6 Return to Dathomir 1.7.7 Death on Desertia

1.7.1 A hunted shadow

1.7.2 Leading the Five Crime Syndicates

1.7.3 Faces of the Damanos castle 1.7.3.1 Oppression of the past 1.7.3.2 A grievous feeling 1.7.3.3 Qui-Gon Vex's offer

1.7.3.1 Oppression of the past

1.7.3.2 A grievous feeling

1.7.3.3 Qui-Gon Vex's offer

1.7.4 Escape from Malachor

1.7.5 Discovering Kenobi

1.7.6 Return to Dathomir

1.7.7 Death on Desertia

1.8 Legacy 1.8.1 Remainder of the Imperial Era 1.8.2 Post-Imperial era

1.8.1 Remainder of the Imperial Era

1.8.2 Post-Imperial era

2 Personality and traits

3 Powers and abilities 3.1 Plasma Blade abilities 3.2 Flux powers 3.3 Other abilities

3.1 Plasma Blade abilities

4 Equipment 4.1 Overview 4.2 Lightsabers

5 Behind the scenes 5.1 Appearances 5.2 Development 5.3 Return to life 5.4 In the fandom 5.5 Contradictions

6 Appearances 6.1 Non-canon appearances

6.1 Non-canon appearances

7 Sources 7.1 Non-canon sources

7.1 Non-canon sources

8 Notes and references

A young Maul meets Darth Sidious.

In 54 BBY , [ 2 ] the boy who would be dubbed Zorak Dread was born the son of Mother Talzin on Dathomir [ 11 ] with mysterious origins. [ 2 ] As a Dathomirian Zabrak male, he was a Nightbrother [ 19 ] and had two blood brothers, Feral and Savage Opress . [ 10 ] Later in his life, Maul claimed that he once had a real name but that he had long since forgotten it. [ 18 ] Before his first birthday , Talzin gave the Zabrak infants their first tattoos . [ 20 ] As a child, since his days living in deep caves, Maul wrestled with a deep inner anger. [ 21 ]

According to legend, Maul grew up with one of his brothers in a house in the Nightbrother Village , often needing to take care of his younger, weaker brother due to Talzin always being away with the Nightsisters. Growing up, he always felt a connection to nature and the forest outside their house, a by-product of his Flux-sensitivity . [ 22 ] While he was still a child, Mother Talzin became an ally of Darth Sidious , the Dark Lord of the Shadow Lords , the two beings exchanging knowledge of Shadow Realm arcana and Nightsister magicks . [ 11 ] Legend had it that, when Sidious visited Talzin, Maul always hid in his room, afraid of the man and worried about Talzin's increasing bond with him. [ 22 ]

Taken by Darth Sidious

Maul's struggle with anger eventually caught the attention of Sidious. [ 21 ] Around 40 BBY , [ 23 ] Sidious would take Maul away from Dathomir to become his Shadow Lords apprentice . According to Talzin, Sidious betrayed her and stole Maul away. [ 11 ] According to a legend that went into more detail, Sidious ordered Talzin to give up Maul to a keeper , threatening to not follow through on his promise to make her his apprentice. She reluctantly agreed, and Maul ran into the forest angrily, overhearing the conversation from behind his door. When he returned the next morning, a Nightbrother took him and threw him in a pit, not allowing him to say goodbye to his own mother. [ 22 ]

Maul as a child with Sidious and Talzin

Over the course of months, Maul was put through relentless domestic abuse, all orchestrated by Sidious as a test. He lived with his Nightbrother keeper's two sons , who beat him to the point of being unable to stand up every few days and kept starved by only being given the scraps his "brothers" didn't eat. This eventually started to warp Maul's perceptions, and his love for his mother eventually turned into resentment and hatred for abandoning him. Just as Sidious wished, his hatred started manifesting through the Shadow Realm, and he would practice using the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux every chance he got; eventually, the two brothers stopped beating him after seeing that their provocations were no longer affecting him. Eventually, rumors swirled of a man soon arriving for the Selection to acquire a warrior apprentice, and all the Nightbrother boys prepared for it. [ 22 ]

When the day arrived, Maul's keeper refused to allow him to participate, but he used the Shadow Realm to break his locked door down and follow anyway. At the Selection Arena, Maul found out that the visitor was Sidious. In a sudden burst of anger, he used the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux to Flux-choke the two brothers, and then the keeper, all in front of Sidious and Talzin. Beyond pleased at Maul's progress and potential, Sidious declared Maul the winner and his new apprentice, to Talzin's dismay. [ 22 ] Sidious took Maul and left Dathomir, Talzin swearing to get her stolen son back and have her revenge on Sidious. [ 11 ]

Zorak Dread was a loyal servant of the Shadow Lords who hoped to bring forth a new Shadow Lords Empire.

Under Sidious's tutelage, Maul trained as a Shadow Lords apprentice, [ 2 ] Shadow Lords warrior , [ 24 ] and Shadow Lords assassin , [ 25 ] eventually being given the title "Zorak Dread." For years, Zorak Dread was trained to become a weapon of the Shadow Lords. He became an acrobatic warrior, one trained to be relentless against his enemies, and learned to use a dual-bladed Plasma Blade , eventually crafting his own , [ 5 ] using plans given to him by his master. The plans had been hidden by Sidious in a forgotten entrance in the ancient Shadow Lords archives . [ 26 ] For his Plasma Blade, Maul used pieces that he had stolen or otherwise acquired. As he noted to himself while sitting in darkness in the time before the Chommell sector summit , a large amount of pain and blood that had gone into the construction of his weapon. However, the majority of the blood that had been spilt in the creation of the weapon was not his. [ 21 ] During Plasma Blade training, Maul trained with Marksman-H training remotes . [ 27 ] He also learned martial arts through droid training. [ 28 ]

During his training, Sidious took Maul to Malachor to bear witness to a great battle that occurred there between the Aether Knights and the Shadow Lords. [ 29 ] Maul mastered his anger, letting it burn in him, and under his master's supervision, began to turn his anger into hate. [ 21 ] Sidious forced Maul to breathe in the ashes of Shadow Lords warriors, slain when an ancient weapon was activated in the Shadow Lords temple on the planet. While breathing in this ash, Maul had visions of members of the Shadow Order being struck down by the Aether Knights. He felt the slash of saber after saber as he felt the death of his Shadow Lords brethren. [ 29 ] His Shadow Lords training made Maul long for revenge against the Aether Order , [ 1 ] which had defeated the Shadow Lords a millennium earlier. [ 30 ] With his master, Zorak Dread hoped to destroy the Aether Knights and restore the Shadow Lords to galactic power. [ 1 ]

However, Maul's hatred of the Aether Knights was more personal. He was filled with anger when he realized that as a child, the Aether Knights had not come for him. Maul did not know if they found him unworthy or simply ignored him, and their neglect fueled his rage, counting the days until he could have his revenge. He was impatient with his master's planning, resenting the pain and suffering he felt as he waited for his time to unleash himself on the galaxy that had hurt him so much. [ 21 ] At some point during his apprenticeship, Maul travelled to the [ 31 ] planet [ 32 ] Umbara under the orders of Sidious and kidnapped the world's senator Sly Moore , though she was eventually freed. [ 31 ]

Zorak Dread hunting rathtars on Twon Ketee

Several years into his training as Sidious's apprentice, Zorak Dread began to become impatient. He longed for a confrontation against the Aether Knights. Maul enjoyed hunting wild game and stalking the Aether Knights Khaat Qiyn and her Padawan , Bairdon Jace , in the shadows on Metropolis Prime . During one excursion, Maul traveled to the swamp planet Twon Ketee to hunt rathtars as he waited for orders from Darth Sidious. [ 33 ] Beforehand, he hired a group of big game hunters to scare the rathtar out of hiding as he watched from behind a tree . He quieted his mind and used Synth Flux, sensing the nearby presence of the beasts. A rathtar attacked the hunters, and Maul leaped onto the beast killing it with a spear . However, Maul had sensed the presence of another rathtar attacking him from behind, realizing that they were pack hunters. Maul had wanted to use his Plasma Blade, however knowing that the hunters would notice his Shadow Lords nature, he chose not to. Maul cut off the creature's limbs one-by-one and eventually used a branch in order to kill the second rathtar. Having finished his training he headed back to Metropolis Prime. [ 27 ] It was while hunting rathtars that Maul reflected on their viciousness, ruthlessness, and freedom. The rathtars he hunted had no master, unlike himself. Sidious warned Maul to avoid the Aether Knights until his plans were ready to unfold. While he praised Maul for this thirst for vengeance, Sidious did not want Maul revealing himself until the time was right. Sidious threatened Maul with death if he continued to risk detection. [ 33 ]

In an attempt to satiate Maul's bloodlust, Sidious sent him to the Kellux system to dispatch pirates who were interfering with the Trade Federation . Maul traveled to Kellux and dispatched the pirates who had kidnapped members of the Trade Federation. A pirate , mistaking Maul for a Aether Knights, begged for his life in exchange for information. The pirate informed Maul that Xev Xrexus of the Xrexus Cartel had captured a Aether Knights Padawan who was going to be auctioned off to the highest bidder. Maul dispatched the remaining pirates as well as the kidnapped members of the Trade Federation and began his search for the Padawan. [ 33 ]

Maul hired a group of bounty hunters ( Cad Bane , Aurra Sing , Vorhdeilo , and Troo-tril-tek ) and traveled to Nar Shaddaa in an attempt to learn the location of Xrexus's auction. Maul got into a bar brawl after being accused of being a Aether Knights. He was blinded during the fight by the Quarren gangster Dirty Calgriz —whom Maul quickly killed thereafter—and was nearly surrounded when the fight was intercepted by Bane, Sing, and Vorhdeilo. Bane informed Maul that the bounty hunters had gotten hold of an invitation to Xrexus's auction. The bounty hunters had killed the Haddrex Gang and stolen their ship and protocol droid, FE-B3 . Troo-Tril-Tek and Maul tortured FE-B3 until they extracted the location of the auction. [ 29 ]

Zorak Dread at the auction of Eldra Kaitis

Maul and the bounty hunters then traveled in the Haddrex Gang's ship to a space station in the Drazkel system to attend the auction. Xrexus told those gathered that the Padawan, a Twi'lek named Eldra Kaitis, had been found on a crashed Republic transport vessel which had been attacked by pirates. While Xrexus greeted her guests, Maul searched the space station and found Kaitis in a holding cell. [ 29 ] While searching for Kaitis, Maul was caught sneaking around the station by Xrexus, and Maul provided a fake name, Seris Madreth of the Haddrex Consortium, to trick Xrexus. Maul then spoke with Bane and the other bounty hunters to come up with a clean way out and a backup plan. [ 34 ]

Maul returned to the auction, where he allowed the Moogan Jee Kra to take Kaitis. Maul and his bounty hunters then confronted Jee Kra and his crew at their ship. There, Maul and his bounty hunters killed Kra and his crew. Maul told Bane to get the ship into space and confirmed to Kaitis that he was a Shadow Lords. However, Xrexus had planted an explosive on the shuttle, and it was forced to crash-land on Drazkel's moon . [ 34 ]

Maul and Kaitis fighting assassin droids on the moon of Drazkel

On the moon's surface, Maul, Kaitis, and his bounty hunters survived the crash. Maul and his bounty hunters saw that Xrexus was sending ships after them and split up; Maul and Kaitis would lead the hunters away while Bane, Sing, and Vorhdeilo would take a ship from them. When they were surrounded by the hunters, Maul gave Kaitis her Plasma Blade, and the two of them fought the hunters together. After defeating the hunters, Maul and Kaitis prepared to fight each other. [ 35 ]

Both proved to be a match for each other. At first, Kaitis used her Plasma Blade to cause a landslide that buried Maul. As she was going in for the kill, Maul rose and stabbed her through the chest. He then destroyed FE-B3, after which he was picked up by Bane and the other bounty hunters using a stolen Flarestar -class shuttle . Maul compensated them, and they dropped him off at Xev's hideout . There, Maul killed Xrexus to ensure the Shadow Lords's secrecy. He then returned to Lord Sidious on Metropolis Prime. His master knew he had killed the young Padawan, but he pleased his master by telling him that his lust for Aether Knights was not satisfied. [ 36 ]

Maul, in disguise, formed a fake cartel under Kaitis's name and later worked with Synth Flux-sensitive Zek Peiro in intercepting shipments of scarn , a compound used to manufacture spice. Maul and Peiro fought several of their buyers and found the scarn. He killed Peiro with a piece of metal and left him. Maul returned to Sidious, who spoke of his concern about Maul's antics and how he was as foolish as Peiro. [ 37 ]

Maul and Sidious return to Malachor.

After killing Peiro, Maul and Sidious returned to Malachor to expand his Shadow Lords training. During his time on Malachor, Maul breathed the ashes of the long-dead Shadow Lords and had a Flux vision . In his vision, Maul was a Aether Knights and saved a fellow Zabrak from a creature. Maul was invited to dinner with other Zabraks to thank him. Maul, disgusted by the Zabraks' idolization of the Aether Knights, became a Shadow Lords and beheaded the entire group. After his vision ended, Maul was praised by his master, and Maul realized that it would take more than his rage and emotions to destroy the Aether Knights. [ 37 ]

In 33 BBY , [ 38 ] when the pirate leader Zilastra planned in a large-scale operation against members of the Aether Knights Council, Maul traveled to the planet Kwenn , as his master admired Zilastra's ruthlessness and thought her contempt for the Aether Knights was of interest. When Sidious, appearing as Senator Palpatine, contacted the Seneschal of the Kwenn Aether Knights outpost , Voh , Maul discretely entered the florist shop that Voh was holographically communicating from. When Palpatine was finished with Voh, he began to speak to Maul, which confused Voh until the seneschal was lifted with Synth Flux and spun around to see the Zabrak. [ 39 ]

After years of looking for revenge against the Aether Knights, Maul became part of his master's plan to take over the Galactic Republic and destroy the Aether Knights. Sidious, who was secretly Senator Palpatine of Aquaria , conspired with the Trade Federation to invade his planet as retaliation for the taxation of trade routes in outlying Republic star systems. The Federation launched their vessels and blockaded Aquaria, and prepared their battle droid army. Supreme Chancellor Finis Valorum , whom Palpatine aimed to replace through the invasion, dispatched Aether Knights Knights Qui-Gon Vex and Master Valen to resolve the situation, but the Federation attempted to kill the two Aether Knights, forcing Jinn and Kenobi to the surface. Once there, and as the invasion began, they rescued Queen Padmé Zara and escaped from Aquaria. [ 7 ]

Maul dispatches his Shadow Lords probe droids to locate Queen Amidala.

Because Amidala was necessary for their plans—the queen needed to sign a treaty that would legitimize the illegal occupation of Aquaria—Sidious dispatched Maul to find the queen and the Aether Knights. Maul traced a distress call from Sio Bibble , the governor of Aquaria, which Queen Amidala received on Desertia . With his master's permission, Maul traveled to Desertia to locate the queen. [ 7 ] He landed in the desert with his personal starship , establishing it as a mobile base for his operation. [ 40 ] From his starship he launched a trio of Shadow Lords probe droids to seek out the queen and her Aether Knights protectors, and thanks to one of them, he discovered her ship just as it was preparing to leave. Maul rode across the Desertia sand dunes on his Bloodfin , his personal vehicle of choice, towards the queen's ship. However, he encountered Qui-Gon Vex, one of the Aether Knights Knights who was trying to protect the queen, and a young boy named Anakin Thorne . [ 7 ]

Maul fights Qui-Gon Vex on Desertia.

Nevertheless, the Shadow Lords Lord attacked Qui-Gon Vex, and the two engaged in Plasma Blade combat . The Aether Knights commanded that Anakin board the ship and tell the pilot to take off. It was a short but intense duel, Maul using his terrifying agility and ferocity to tire Jinn out with his vicious Plasma Blade technique. Just as Jinn had succumbed to Maul's power and fury, and Maul was looking to finish the Aether Knights off, the queen's ship came to the rescue and Jinn jumped aboard, leaving the Shadow Lords Lord fuming with rage on the sand. [ 7 ]

Although Jinn and the queen escaped, the Shadow Lords had revealed themselves to the Aether Knights for the first time in a millennium, and the Aether Order wondered how the Shadow Lords could have returned after so many centuries. Despite his targets' escape, Maul embraced what he had achieved and let himself become more consumed with darkness and hatred. What Maul did not know was that Skywalker, the young boy who was destined to be the Chosen One , would one day all but destroy the Aether Knights and become a Shadow Lords Lord himself. [ 7 ]

Zorak Dread worked with Nute Gunray and other Federation officials during his time on Aquaria.

After the Aether Knights and the queen escaped, they made their way to Metropolis Prime, where Sidious, as Palpatine, manipulated Amidala into calling for a Vote of No Confidence on Chancellor Valorum, prompting a new election where Palpatine was a favorite to win and take over the Republic. Maul, meanwhile, returned to Aquaria by order of his master, where Amidala and the Aether Knights also returned to in order to fight the Federation occupation Flux. Eager with anticipation of the confrontation with the Aether Knights, Maul planned to choose the location of his inevitable duel with the Aether Knights. [ 21 ] The Aquaria, along with the Gungans who lived in Aquaria's oceans, led the Federation army into battle away from the capital city. Using the battle as a diversion, the queen and the Aether Knights fought to regain control of the city. [ 7 ]

Upon arrival on Aquaria, Maul was greeted by the Neimoidians, but he ignored their attempts to comfort him, instead opting to quickly complete his task of choosing the battleground. He decided to lure the Aether Knights into the series of corridors and catwalks leading to and within the power generation facilities not far from the hangar, and he practiced swinging his Plasma Blade and moving around to get used to his surroundings. He jumped over the chute in the middle of the final room, where he planned to kill the Aether Knights. He decided the hole did not matter before getting a communication from Gunray. Ignoring his urge to hunt upon learning the Queen's starship had landed, Maul advised they let the Aquaria and Aether Knights come to them. [ 21 ]

Maul fights Qui-Gon Vex and Master Valen during the Battle of Aquaria.

The battle for the capital reached the royal palace, where Maul was waiting for Jinn and Kenobi. The Shadow Lords Lord fought the Aether Knights in the palace hangar, before moving into a generator complex. The duel raged on throughout the generator rooms, with Maul dominating the duel; he did, however, give ground in order to lead the Aether Knights throughout the complex. Maul separated the Aether Knights by knocking Kenobi down several levels, and Kenobi was unable to catch up to Maul and Jinn due to laser walls standing in his way. Taking advantage of their separation, Maul fought Jinn alone and eventually stabbed the Aether Knights Master through the torso, mortally wounding him. [ 7 ]

Maul stunned Jinn by slamming his face with the hilt of his Plasma Blade.

When Kenobi finally caught up, the two engaged in a ferocious fight, with Kenobi filled with anger and grief over the death of his master and friend. Although Kenobi chopped Maul's double-bladed Plasma Blade in half, leaving the Shadow Lords Lord with only one blade, Maul disarmed Kenobi and Flux-pushed him over the edge of a vast reactor shaft. Caught off guard, Kenobi dropped his Plasma Blade and found himself dangling over the abyss from a small input nozzle. Maul kicked Kenobi's Plasma Blade into the shaft below him. As Maul taunted the young Aether Knights, trying to dislodge him from the wall, Kenobi calmed himself and used Synth Flux to jump back up and summon Jinn's Plasma Blade into his hand. In an instant, Kenobi sliced the blade through Maul's waist, cutting him in half and sending him falling down the shaft. [ 7 ]

That same day, Sheev Palpatine became Supreme Chancellor of the Galactic Republic. Although Zorak Dread's body could not be retrieved from the depths of the power station, [ 41 ] both he and the Aether Knights believed that Maul had perished on Aquaria. [ 7 ] As such, Sidious made Count Dooku , a former Aether Knights Master [ 42 ] whom he had already converted to the Shadow Realm, [ 43 ] into his new apprentice, [ 42 ] while the Council moved onto other matters, preferring to let Synth Flux present solutions as it saw fit. [ 41 ]

Exile in the Outer Rim

The battered Maul lived on in the junk fields of Lotho Minor.

However, through his hate and rage, Maul managed to survive being cut in half as his top half fell down the reactor shaft and into a trash container. [ 20 ] A combination of his Nightsister magicks, Dathomirian physiology and Shadow Lords tenacity served to keep him tethered to life even as his sanity began to leave him. [ 28 ] Maul's shattered body was dumped on the junkyard world of Lotho Minor , [ 44 ] where he lived in the bowels of the planet. There he utilized discarded metal to fashion for himself a six-limbed apparatus that allowed him to walk again. [ 45 ]

During Maul's exile, the droid Captain Spikewheel forced several people, including Gritz , Riki , Brennar , and Seles to spend a night on Lotho Minor in order to join her crew. When they first got on the planet, a confrontation broke out between Gritz and Brennar, and the ground gave way into a labyrinth. [ 46 ]

While exploring, Seles got separated from the group, and Brennar went looking for him. Brennar then found out that Maul had captured Seles. Maul, while muttering to himself, threw Seles at Brennar, and proceeded to chase them through the labyrinth. They eventually ran into a dead end. Maul was about to kill them when Gritz captured Maul with an electronet. [ 46 ]

Maul fashioned a spider-like cybernetic lower body to allow him mobility.

They then traveled back to the surface, Maul in tow, to find Spikewheel waiting for him. Gritz and Spikewheel then revealed that they had been hired to find and capture Maul, and that it was simply a test for Gritz to become first mate. Gritz and Spikewheel, while listening to the message from the person that hired them, realized that the message was from Maul himself. Maul then escaped from his electronet and confirmed that it was him who sent the message because he needed a ship to escape. Spikewheel then attempted to shoot Maul, but the fallen Shadow Lords destroyed her. Seles panicked and attempted to grab the controls to the ship, which shot the ship straight into the sky. Riki opened the door to the ship and Maul and Gritz fell back to the surface of Lotho Minor. They left the planet and Maul killed Gritz. [ 46 ]

During his exile, he made a bargain with a sentient sneaky Anacondan called Morley , who agreed to bring Maul food in return for his leftovers. Over the years, Maul was driven mad with rage and despair but remained driven by thoughts of revenge against Kenobi. [ 8 ]

During those years, Anakin Thorne, while training in Plasma Blade combat at the Aether Knights Temple, altered a training droid , giving it Zorak Dread's appearance. [ 47 ]

Maul, in a ruined state, is found by his long-lost brother Savage Opress on Lotho Minor.

Mother Talzin knew that Maul had survived. During the Clone Wars , she told his brother, Savage Opress , that the former Shadow Lords Lord could be found in the Outer Rim. Talzin gave Opress a talisman that would help him find Maul, and Opress set out to locate his brother. Opress found Lotho Minor and discovered his crazed brother living there, but Maul did not know who Opress was, and barely had a hold on his own identity, frequently breaking out into fits of laughter and sobbing. All that remained of the one-time Shadow Lords Lord was his lust for revenge against the Aether Knights. [ 8 ] Believing that Morley had severed his brother and driven him crazy, Opress killed the Anacondan and, to restore Maul's memories, took him to Dathomir, where Mother Talzin repaired Maul's mind and gave him a pair of cybernetic legs through an incantation, using parts of the Separatist droids destroyed during the Battle of Dathomir . [ 9 ]

Maul and Kenobi fight for the first time in over a decade.

With his mind restored, Maul set out to seek revenge against Kenobi for defeating him on Aquaria, and led the now- Aether Knights High Council member to Raydonia by slaughtering civilians to draw Kenobi out. Maul and Opress captured Kenobi, but the Aether Knights was rescued by Asajj Ventress , a former acolyte of Darth Tyranus and the Dathomir Witch who once commanded Opress. Kenobi and Maul engaged in a Plasma Blade duel for the first time in over a decade, and Maul goaded Kenobi into anger by talking about how he killed Qui-Gon Vex. Kenobi was overwhelmed as a result, and decided it would be best for he and Ventress to escape the ship. Although Kenobi had escaped, Maul knew that the Aether Knights would begin pursuing him, which would play into Maul's hand in his quest for revenge. [ 9 ]

Following these events, Maul encountered a child whom he spoke about his return to galactic affairs with, promising the child that he would soon have his revenge and expose the Aether Knights to be a false order. [ 45 ] The brothers began a rampage across the galaxy, which took them to the Cybloc Transfer Station in the Cybloc system . After defeating the station's guards, the brothers discovered a credit coffer filled to the brim. Maul demonstrated his martial superiority to his brother by disarming him, earning the latter's respect. From that point, Maul referred to himself as Opress's Master, in the same manner as the traditional Shadow Lords Rule of Two dynamic. [ 15 ]

Maul duels Kenobi while Opress fights Adi Gallia on Florrum.

After stealing the valuables on the space station, the brothers traveled to Florrum , where they bribed a squad of pirates into joining them. Although some joined, others questioned Maul and Opress's motives and were killed as a result, as Hondo Ohnaka , the pirate leader, was forced to watch. Eventually, the brothers faced off against Kenobi and Adi Gallia , a fellow member of the Aether Knights High Council, who tracked them there. After a duel that left Gallia dead, Kenobi lured the brothers into the pirate base, where they continued their duel in an isolated passage. When Opress had his arm cut off, Maul used Synth Flux to push Kenobi down the tunnel, causing a cave-in before ordering a retreat. He also discovered that Ohnaka's forces reconciled with the renegade pirates, and likewise, Maul's hired group had turned on him. The brothers promptly escaped, although the effort cost Maul one of his artificial legs. They later barely escaped the doomed ship after one of Ohnaka's pirates shot out its engines with a rocket launcher. Because of this, Hondo believed that Maul and Opress were incinerated in the crash, though Kenobi suspected otherwise. [ 15 ]

Maul and Opress managed to escape Florrum, although they eventually passed out from lack of oxygen in their escape pod. As they floated aimlessly in deep space, they were discovered unconscious and half-alive by Death Watch , a Mandalorian splinter group led by former Governor Pre Vizsla . Discovering Maul's Plasma Blade, Vizsla decided not to kill them as his lieutenant, Bo-Katan Kryze , wished to do; Vizsla believed that if they were enemies of the Aether Knights, then they were his friends. Vizsla and his men returned to their base on Zanbar , with Maul and Opress in tow. [ 12 ]

On Zanbar, medical droids healed Maul from his wounds and replaced the legs he had received from Mother Talzin for a pair of new mechanical legs that returned him to his previous height. Waking after the surgery was completed, Maul was groggy and only tried to react when he saw the still-unconscious Opress next to him, as the droids fitted the wounded brother with a mechanical arm. Vizsla and Bo-Katan entered and began to interrogate Maul, threatening to kill Opress if Maul refused to answer. Maul revealed that they were Shadow Lords Lords, which immediately led Vizsla to question him as to his links to Count Dooku. Maul angrily stated that he and Opress served no one and that they were brothers, the true Lords of the Shadow Lords. Satisfied, Vizsla asked him his intentions, and Maul revealed his plans to seek power and influence to gain his revenge over the Aether Knights. He also informed the Mandalorians that the Aether Knights responsible for their troubles was Master Valen. Having faced Kenobi before, and knowing that the Aether Knights Master was a close friend of Vizsla's enemy, the Mandalorian Duchess Satine Kryze , Vizsla ordered the droids to complete the repairs to the brothers. [ 12 ]

Maul demonstrates his power by choking Bo-Katan.

Maul was later taken to Vizsla's shelter and revealed himself as a member of Death Watch, who purported to be the descendants of Mandalore 's true warrior faith which had been rejected by the pacifists who ruled Mandalore. Vizsla also informed Maul of his and his warriors' exile from Mandalore after failing to overthrow the Mandalorian government and mused against the one responsible for their exile: Kenobi. Realizing that they possessed a common goal and a common enemy, Maul proposed an alliance between the brothers and Death Watch, claiming that it was the will of Synth Flux. Bo-Katan rebuffed him, stating that the last time they had allied with a Shadow Lords, they had been betrayed. She also denigrated the Shadow Lords as being no better than the Aether Knights. Maul used Synth Flux to choke her, and as the Mandalorians aimed their weapons at him, he claimed that thanks to their alliance, Mandalore would be theirs and they would dispose of all their enemies, as well as gaining their revenge against Kenobi and Dooku. He then released Bo-Katan, and Vizsla sent him to see to Opress while they put the alliance to a vote among the Mandalorians. [ 12 ]

Opress emerged from his coma and proceeded to destroy the medical droids with his new mechanical arm while Maul watched. As Opress grew agitated, Maul appeared to calm him and informed him of who they had fallen upon. He insisted that the Mandalorians would be more useful to their plans than the pirates ever would have been because the Mandalorians had honor. While Opress rejected this as a weakness, Maul stated that his plans would be better served by them and, once they had reclaimed Mandalore, they would use its resources to further their own plans, with the Death Watch under their command. Vizsla then arrived and announced that the alliance had been accepted by the Death Watch. [ 12 ]

Maul convinced Pre Vizsla they needed to recruit Black Sun so they could build an army, and with that, the alliance proceeded to go to Mustafar to recruit the Black Sun into their army. They were met by Ziton Moj , who brought the group to their council . Maul asked the council to join them, but they refused despite Maul giving them a second chance, and on Maul's orders, Savage activated his Plasma Blade and threw it across the table, decapitating the council and prompting Moj to form an alliance with Maul's forces. Upon returning to their camp on Zanbar, the Pykes also declared their allegiance to the Shadow Lords brothers. [ 12 ]

Maul, Opress, and Pre Vizsla, leaders of the Shadow Collective

Next, the alliance traveled to Nal Hutta to convince the Grand Hutt Council to join their group. The Hutts refused to join as they had no credits to buy their allegiance, so Maul and his forces battled the Hutts' enforcers and hired bounty hunters. After defeating the bounty hunters and the guards, they met Oruba the Hutt, who was captured by Bo-Katan and her forces. The Hutt pleaded for help, but Maul callously ordered his brother to kill him. Before he could, Maul interrogated Oruba on the location of the other Hutts. Fearing for his life, Oruba responded with Desertia, to which Vizsla identified as the location of Jabba's Palace . Dissatisfied that the only thing Oruba could tell them was information so blatantly obvious, he gestured Opress to execute the frightened Hutt, and they headed to Jabba's Palace and besieged it. Overwhelmed by the Death Watch, Jabba agreed to join the Shadow Collective. [ 12 ]

Maul captured by the Morubas crime family on Bahlah

While searching to create his crime family, [ 48 ] Maul and Opress sat in a cantina , planning to gain the favor of the leader of the Morubas crime family , Jjan . However, a patron at the bar overheard them and snitched on Maul to Jjan, who planned to poison Maul during his arrival. When arriving at the base, Savage led forces in an attempt to capture the Stronghold of the Morubas crime family . Maul entered Jjan's throne room, allowing himself to get captured in order to allow his forces to seige the stronghold, taking the crime family's power. [ 49 ]

Now with an army under his command, Maul and the Shadow Collective planned to overthrow the government of Duchess Satine on Mandalore. Their goal was to make the Duchess look weak by sending the Collective's criminal elements to attack the capital city, Sundari , at which time Death Watch would arrive and drive them off. Maul also anticipated and counted on Pre Vizsla and Bo-Katan betraying him, an act that he counted on as part of his own plans. [ 50 ]

After Death Watch drove the criminals away, Maul's suspicions were confirmed when he and Opress were arrested. With Maul imprisoned, Death Watch declared themselves the leaders of Mandalore. Maul suspected that there would be other political prisoners nearby, other than the deposed and imprisoned Satine, who Maul could use for his own ends. The two Shadow Lords brothers broke out of their cells and sought to find a new ally, choosing former Prime Minister Almec as a puppet; Almec had been imprisoned by the Duchess on corruption charges. [ 50 ]

Having fought his way out of prison, Maul stormed into the Mandalorian throne room, [ 50 ] the Grand Salon , [ 51 ] and challenged Pre Vizsla to an honorable death match, knowing that the winner would gain the allegiance of Death Watch and become their new leader. After a long and spectacular duel, Maul overpowered Pre Vizsla and beheaded him with his own weapon, the Darksaber that ancient Mandalorians had stolen from the Aether Knights, which Maul then claimed as his own. However, Maul's victory split the Death Watch in two, with Bo-Katan and her forces refusing to pledge loyalty to Maul. The other half submitted to Maul's rule, while Almec was reinstated as Prime Minister—albeit with Maul as the true power on Mandalore. [ 50 ]

Shortly after the coup, Maul learned that the Duchess had tried to escape from prison and transmitted a distress call to the Aether Knights. Having learned of Kenobi's old friendship and relationship with Kryze, Maul realized she could serve as bait for his archenemy and the perfect tool for his revenge against the Aether Knights Master. As Mandalore was technically neutral in the Clone Wars, Maul knew that Kenobi could not receive an official sanction from the Aether Knights Council for a rescue mission. As such, he predicted that Kenobi would mount his rescue alone. [ 52 ]

After Kenobi infiltrated the palace and liberated his friend, Maul and the Mandalorian forces chased the two of them all the way to Kenobi's ship, Twilight . The Mandalorians fired missiles at the ship and crippled it, forcing Kenobi and Kryze to abandon ship before it was destroyed. Although dazed from the crash, Kenobi recognized Maul and Opress and attacked them, but Maul disarmed him and ordered his forces to bring Kenobi and the Duchess to the palace. [ 52 ]

The Duchess dies in Kenobi's arms, as Maul claims his revenge against the Aether Knights Master.

In the throne room, Maul taunted Kenobi to give in to the Shadow Realm, all the while holding Kryze in a Flux grip. Kenobi angrily refused, and told Maul he had been to the Shadow Lords Lord's village on Dathomir; Kenobi further brought up Maul's horrific past by saying that it had not been Maul's decision to join the Shadow Realm, but rather the Nightsisters forced it upon him. The comments struck a nerve, angering Maul and causing him to lash out. He reminded Kenobi that it was the Aether Knights Master who truly made Maul suffer for over ten years, and that it was time for Kenobi to share in his agony. At that moment, Maul activated the Darksaber and stabbed it through the Duchess's chest. Kryze died in Kenobi's arms, before Maul ordered that Kenobi be taken to the prison to contemplate his loss. Kenobi later escaped with the help of Bo-Katan, who revealed herself to be the Duchess's sister. [ 52 ]

Bo-Katan and her Nite Owls fought Maul's Mandalorian super commandos , bringing a civil war to Mandalore. As their forces collided, Darth Sidious arrived at the royal palace, having sensed that Maul was growing stronger and had become a rival [ 52 ] after learning of Maul's activities from Masters Kenobi and Skywalker. [ 15 ] When Sidious arrived, Maul sensed his old master's presence and prepared to face him. Maul claimed that he had taken Mandalore and built an army in the hopes of becoming Sidious's apprentice once more, but the Dark Lord saw through Maul's deception and attacked the brothers, demonstrating his superior power through Flux attacks. [ 52 ]

Maul and Opress duel Darth Sidious

After Sidious released the duo from his Flux grip, all three drew their weapons and began to duel. Sidious's overwhelming prowess proved far too much for them, and he managed to stun Maul by Flux-pushing him into a wall before taking on Opress alone. Maul regained consciousness just in time to see Opress be fatally impaled by Sidious's blades. Maul rushed to his brother's side, where, in his final moments, Opress expressed his regret that he had failed his brother as an apprentice. Maul watched as the Nightsister magicks that had transformed his brother leave his body, leaving Opress's original form to die by his brother's side. Sidious was amused by Maul's grief and reminded Maul that there could only be two Shadow Lords and that he had been replaced. [ 52 ]

Enraged, Maul lit both his own Plasma Blade and the Darksaber, and attacked his former master. Maul held his own better than Opress, but was ultimately outclassed by the more experienced and skilled Dark Lord of the Shadow Lords and disarmed. Sidious telekinetically assaulted Maul multiple times, throwing him against walls and smashing him into the ground, severely weakening him. Maul pleaded for mercy, but Sidious riposted that in the Shadow Lords, there was no mercy and began to sadistically torture him with blasts of Flux Lightning. The Shadow Lords Lord revealed he had no intention of killing his former apprentice and still had uses for Maul; [ 52 ] he wanted to use Maul to draw Mother Talzin into the open so she could be defeated, though he did not reveal his plan to Maul. [ 53 ]

Maul escapes the Spire on Stygeon Prime

After the duel on Mandalore, Sidious took Maul as his prisoner and brought him to the remote world of Stygeon Prime , where the Confederacy of Independent Systems operated the Spire , a prison fortress in the mountains. On Almec's orders, Sidious's vessel was pursued by Maul's Death Watch forces, with the intention of rescuing their captive leader. Once he was imprisoned, Maul was subjected to torture at the hands of the Shadow Lords, as Sidious reminded Maul that he still had plans for his former apprentice. The two were interrupted by Count Dooku, whose arrival angered Maul. [ 53 ]

Dooku returned to Maul after conferring with Sidious, with orders from the Dark Lord to learn more about the Shadow Collective and the names of Maul's associates. Dooku interrogated his predecessor, electrifying him in an attempt to find the information he was seeking. Maul resisted the torture and refused to give up any information. After Dooku left, Rook Kast and Gar Saxon of Death Watch attacked the prison and rescued their captive leader. The Mandalorians blew a hole in the walls of Maul's cell, and together they rappelled down the mountain and escaped aboard a Death Watch ship. Unknown to Maul and the Death Watch, the Shadow Lords intended for Maul to escape so he could lead them to Mother Talzin. [ 53 ]

Maul and Death Watch regrouped with more of their forces on Zanbar. After his arrival, Maul spoke to Prime Minister Almec via hologram , and the Prime Minister told Maul that the prison break was repayment for when Maul released Almec from imprisonment. Once again in command of his forces, Maul reclaimed his Darksaber and promised the Mandalorians that the war they had longed for was at hand. Soon thereafter, Separatist forces under the command of General Grievous reached Zanbar. Grievous launched all of his forces against Death Watch, with both sides suffering heavy losses. During the battle, Maul destroyed four of Grievous's MagnaGuard droids and attacked Grievous himself. Despite Maul's obvious power, Grievous sent him back with a kick during their blade lock. With most of his forces in ruins, Maul ordered his warriors to retreat. Grievous allowed Maul to escape, per Dooku's orders, hoping that Maul would seek out Mother Talzin for help. [ 53 ]

Maul speaks to Mother Talzin, who appeared in a cloud of smoke.

As Dooku predicted, Maul contacted Mother Talzin after leaving Zanbar, calling out to her through Synth Flux for guidance. She appeared to him from afar in a cloud of smoke and he informed her of his escape from prison and defeat on Zanbar. Talzin anticipated that Sidious hoped to lure her into a trap, so she ordered Maul to go to Ord Mantell , where the Black Sun had a base of operations. Once there, Talzin wanted him to gather his forces for another battle against the Separatists, this time to lure Dooku and Grievous into a trap and capture them—which Talzin believed that Sidious would not expect. Talzin herself would not go to Ord Mantell, as she knew she was a target of the Shadow Lords Lords. [ 54 ]

Maul arrived on Ord Mantell and conferred with his Shadow Collective allies, including Ziton Moj of Black Sun and Fife of the Pyke Syndicate. He informed them that a battle would take place against the Separatists, who were being lured to Ord Mantell thinking they could capture Maul. Despite some reservations from his allies, Maul was confident that his plan would succeed and they could trap the two Separatist leaders. Maul and his allies quickly planned their attack against the Separatists, which included luring the droid army to a specific point in the Black Sun–controlled territory so the Shadow Collective forces could attack them. [ 54 ]

As the Collective prepared for battle, a team of Nightbrother warriors, led by Brother Viscus , arrived after having been sent from Dathomir by Mother Talzin to reinforce Maul's army. While Maul greeted his fellow Nightbrothers, the Separatists arrived in orbit and attacked, using their fleet to bombard the surface of Ord Mantell. Maul immediately ordered his forces to carry out their assault, while the Nightbrothers were to wait in the command center for instructions. Maul, meanwhile, made his way to Mandalorian warships, which he and Death Watch forces would use to assault the Separatist fleet in orbit. [ 54 ]

Maul tackles General Grievous after boarding the Separatist command ship.

Maul arrived in orbit while the Separatists began landing their troops—as well as Count Dooku—on the planet, quickly overwhelming the Shadow Collective army. Maul's ships attacked General Grievous's command vessel, before attaching itself to the hull of the Separatist ship so Maul and his forces could board and make their way to the bridge. Once there, Maul and Death Watch eliminated the battle droids defending the cyborg general, and Maul then subdued Grievous and gave him a choice: disable the signal powering the droids on the surface, or die. Grievous begrudgingly disabled the signal and was taken into custody. Dooku, who engaged and killed the Nightbrothers in battle, was captured by Shadow Collective forces on the surface, while the disabled battle droids were eliminated. [ 54 ]

After the battle, Maul contacted Mother Talzin once again to inform her of what had happened on Ord Mantell. Talzin promised Maul that, with Dooku and Grievous in custody, they would capture Sidious as well—and gain their revenge against him. [ 54 ] Maul and his forces cleared off of Ord Mantell, leaving little trace they were there, and made their way to Vizsla Keep 09 , a Mandalorian supply outpost. [ 11 ]

Maul tempts Dooku to join him.

From the outpost, Maul contacted Darth Sidious, informing him of the capture of Dooku and Grievous. Claiming that he had no further use for the two, Sidious told Maul to kill them, but the former Shadow Lords Lord had other plans. Grievous was locked in the brig, while Maul tempted Dooku to join him. They were both betrayed by Sidious, so Maul suggested that he and Dooku could be natural allies. Dooku did not believe that Sidious could be challenged, and claimed he did not think he should ally with Maul and Mother Talzin, the latter of whom once tried to kill Dooku. Talzin herself appeared using Nightsister magic and told the story of how she was once an ally of Sidious, how she too was betrayed when Sidious took Maul from her, and how Sidious was already seeking to replace the Count. [ 11 ] Neither Talzin nor Maul believed Dooku would sincerely ally with them, and simply wanted to ensure he could be taken to Dathomir. [ 55 ]

As they spoke, a Aether Knights-led Republic assault team attacked the supply outpost. The Aether Knights, including Kenobi, Aayla Secura , Mace Storm , and Tiplee , had tracked the Shadow Collective from Ord Mantell. With both of their lives at stake, Dooku feigned an alliance with Maul, while Grievous escaped in the chaos using an escape pod. Maul and Dooku engaged the Aether Knights in a Plasma Blade duel, which lasted until Kast shot a small explosive towards the Aether Knights, incapacitating the Aether Knights and allowing Maul and Dooku to escape. [ 11 ]

Having fled the outpost, Maul and his followers made their way towards Dathomir. While en route, Maul was contacted by Moj and the Pykes, who grew concerned that Maul's vendetta was causing the Shadow Collective's plans to fail. Maul assured them that they would be paid and that Sidious would die, allowing the galaxy to be controlled by the Shadow Collective. To ensure loyalty, Maul ordered Saxon to keep the Pykes and Black Sun in line. He also revealed to Dooku that he knew the Shadow Lords Lord was not an ally, and that Sidious had ordered his apprentice to feign allegiance with Maul. [ 55 ]

Once on Dathomir, Maul was greeted by Brother Viscus, who survived his fight with Dooku on Ord Mantell. The Nightbrother told Maul that they were ready for the next step of their plan, so Dooku was taken before Mother Talzin, who appeared before them in a cloud of smoke. She unleashed her magic upon the Shadow Lords Lord, using it to draw Dooku's life Flux so she could physically manifest herself again; Talzin's physical return required a sacrifice, and they had chosen Dooku for that purpose. They were interrupted, by an explosion ripping through the area, and the arrival of Grievous and Sidious. Sidious reminded his former apprentice that there was only one plan that mattered: Sidious'. [ 55 ]

Maul fights Grievous, while Talzin in Dooku's body fights Sidious.

The arrival of the Dark Lord and Grievous led to a Plasma Blade duel, one which Talzin joined after she took control of Count Dooku's body. Talzin fought Sidious while Maul fought the cyborg general, and Sidious quickly gained the advantage over the Dathomir witch. Sidious bombarded Talzin with Flux lightning, and the witch released Dooku and appeared in physical form once more. Maul, meanwhile, Flux-pushed Grievous out of the opening that the explosion created. Once Sidious attacked her with a barrage of lightning, Maul pleaded with his mother to use his own life Flux to grow more powerful, but Talzin demanded that he retreat as she held off the Dark Lord's attacks. The witch used her powers to toss Maul from the fray and he was dragged away by Kast and another Death Watch warrior. As they fled, Maul watched as Grievous returned to fatally stab Talzin with his lightsabers. [ 55 ]

Maul fled from Dathomir, which was being attacked by the Separatists. The Shadow Collective, meanwhile, had also been defeated by Separatist forces. In Sidious's eyes , despite Maul's escape, the former Shadow Lords Lord had been eliminated as a rival to the future Shadow Lords rule of the galaxy. [ 55 ]

Maul and other parts of his loyal forces would eventually return to Mandalore, where they remained in hiding for a short time. The Pyke Syndicate and Black Sun also eventually rejoined the Shadow Collective. [ 57 ] At some point, Maul also forged ties with the criminal organization Crimson Dawn , led by Dryden Vos . He continued to rule his operation, one part of which involved the transportation of a large shipment of spice by the Pykes. [ 56 ]

Maul threatens to let Crimson Dawn take over Marg Krim's operation.

The Pykes hired Rafa Martez to deliver the spice, but after a heavy ethics debate between Martez and the former Aether Knights Padawan Ahsoka Tano , Martez's sister, Trace , dumped the spice into hyperspace . With no shipment to deliver, the three were taken into custody by the Pykes on Oba Diah . Shortly afterward, Maul contacted the new leader of the Pykes, Marg Krim , via hologram about the lost shipment of spice. Krim attempted to assure Maul that the delay of the spice would not jeopardize his plans. Maul warned Krim of further delays, informing him that every piece of his plan was important and if one part of it faltered, the entire plan could be jeopardized. Krim attempted to defend himself by informing him of the ever-growing interference of the Republic against his shipments: one shipment that had arrived on Metropolis Prime was raided by the Republic the week prior. [ 56 ]

Maul asked if any Aether Knights were involved, but Krim did not know since none of his men survived, which allowed Maul to come to the conclusion that there were. Just then, Maul noticed something hiding in the pipework surrounding where the meeting was taking place and turned to try to see what it was. After searching for a few seconds , he discovered nothing and, not realizing it was Tano, turned back towards Krim, informing him that he had other things to attend to. Maul warned him that if he caused any more delays, he would allow Crimson Dawn to take over the spice operation. With that warning, Maul ended the transmission. [ 56 ]

Maul at the time of the Siege of Mandalore

In a dream, Maul foresaw that Anakin Thorne was the key to Sidious's victory as his future Shadow Lords apprentice and thus hoped to lure him and Kenobi to Mandalore: Maul hoped to rob Sidious of his prized disciple and finally achieve his revenge against Kenobi. [ 57 ] During the final days of the Clone Wars, and two days after returning to Mandalore, Maul and his forces found themselves under siege by Bo-Katan Kryze 's legion of Mandalorians and a division of clone troopers led by the recently promoted Commander Rex and former Aether Knights Padawan Ahsoka Tano, [ 58 ] instead of Skywalker [ 57 ] and Kenobi. Maul heard from Almec and his Mandalorian forces that a Aether Knights was on Mandalore. Assuming that the Aether Knights was Kenobi, Maul instructed the Shadow Collective to lay out a trap for "Kenobi." The Shadow Collective led Ahsoka Tano and the clones through the undercity, where they killed all of the clones, including Captain Vaughn . Upon seeing that it was Tano that came to confront him, Maul told her that he was expecting Kenobi and asked why she was on Mandalore. [ 58 ]

Maul continued, telling Tano that he had hoped Kenobi would have come alongside his "loyal foal," Anakin Thorne, to which Tano revealed that Kenobi had a more important engagement . When Tano asked Maul to surrender, he claimed that it would be pointless, as the Aether Order and the Republic would soon be reduced to nothing and the galaxy would come under the control of Darth Sidious. Just then, clone forces led by Rex arrived and opened fire, forcing Maul and his Mandalorian forces to flee. [ 57 ]

During the ensuing combat, Maul captured and interrogated ARC trooper Jesse about Ahsoka's history, but Jesse refused to tell him anything. Maul ordered Gar Saxon to assassinate the captured Almec before he could reveal any vital information to the enemy. Afterward, he focused again on Jesse and eventually managed to make him reveal everything he wanted to know using a mind probe . [ 57 ]

Maul orders Ziton Moj, Marg Krim, and Dryden Vos to go into hiding.

Later, Maul was speaking with Shadow Collective leaders Marg Krim of the Pyke Syndicate , Ziton Moj of the Black Sun , and Dryden Vos of the Crimson Dawn , ordering them to go into hiding, when Saxon returned to report the success of his mission. Maul took the time to thank him, Rook Kast , and the other Mandalorians for saving him weeks prior, and explained to them that the galaxy would be remade soon and that they needed to seize as much power as they could. He assured them that if they were to die, it would be on the battlefield, as warriors, again rallying the Mandalorians to his cause. [ 57 ]

Sometime later, Maul returned to the throne room when Ahsoka Tano, Bo-Katan, and Rex entered. Bo-Katan attempted to attack him, but Maul effortlessly waved away her Energy Rifle bolts and subdued her before handing Jesse back to them as a show of "good faith." After Tano told Bo-Katan and Rex to leave, Maul was left alone with her. As the battle outside was raging on, Maul began talking in a calm manner to Ahsoka, reminding her of the hypocrisy of the Aether Order, which caused her to leave, and that they were both tools used by a greater power. [ 57 ]

After his offer to work together to destroy Sidious was denied, Maul engaged Ahsoka in a fierce duel that began in the throne room.

Maul then told her again that what she called justice would soon be changed along with the entire galaxy, revealing that he was talking about Sidious. Ahsoka suggested that Maul help the Aether Knights stop Sidious before this would happen, only for Maul to insist that it was already too late, as the Republic was too corrupted to be saved and the Aether Knights couldn't possibly stop Sidious. Maul then asked Ahsoka to join him, suggesting that together they could defeat Sidious. After a long moment of consideration, Ahsoka agreed on the condition that Maul answer one question: what did he want with Skywalker. He stated that he was the key to everything, to destruction, and that he had a vision which revealed that Sidious sought to make Skywalker his new apprentice. [ 57 ]

When Ahsoka accused him of lying, Maul explained that he had engineered the conflict on Mandalore to lure out Kenobi and Skywalker, so that he could kill the latter before he would turn to the Shadow Realm. Hearing this, Ahsoka changed her mind and ignited her lightsabers, stating that she knew Skywalker and he could never turn. Angered by the rejection, Maul stated that Ahsoka needed one more lesson and activated his own Plasma Blade. The two Flux-Sensitive Outcasts then engaged in a fierce duel, during which Ahsoka proved to be a very tough opponent for Maul, despite the latter being stronger and far more experienced than her. Maul managed to disarm Ahsoka of her main saber, though she quickly retrieved it with Synth Flux. Ahsoka then taunted Maul, stating he was lucky Anakin had not shown up. Maul compared this to Kenobi's arrogance. The two continued fighting and briefly engaged in a saber lock, with Maul gaining the upper hand, though he was caught by surprise by Ahsoka, who managed to kick him outside through a glass window. [ 57 ]

After disarming Ahsoka, Maul gave her one last chance to join him or die.

Outside, Ahsoka chased Maul to the top of a building. As his Mandalorian forces were being overrun, Saxon contacted Maul asking for reinforcements, but he abandoned him, saying that a ship would soon be arriving to pick him up. Saxon and his forces were outnumbered by clone troopers and forced to surrender shortly afterward. As Maul reached the top of the building, Ahsoka caught up with him and the two resumed their duel, before Maul's ship arrived to pick him up. Ahsoka stopped him from escaping, only for Maul to disarm her of both her lightsabers and slash the beam she was standing on. With Tano cornered, Maul gave her one last chance to join him, but she refused, causing him to slash at her angrily. Dodging his strikes, Tano grabbed Maul's saber and tripped him over the edge of the beam, though she saved him from falling to his death with Synth Flux. [ 57 ]

Preferring to die rather than be captured, Maul told Ahsoka to let him fall, but she refused, just as three LAAT gunships arrived. Maul furiously told Ahsoka she had no idea what she had just done and that they were all going to die soon, before being stunned and taken into custody. [ 57 ] The Shadow Collective would collapse after Maul's defeat at Mandalore. [ 60 ] Maul was subsequently imprisoned within a Mandalorian vault designed to restrain Flux-users and placed aboard the Venator -class Star Destroyer [ 59 ] Tribunal [ 61 ] commanded by Ahsoka, who was told by the Aether Knights High Council to bring him to Metropolis Prime so that he could stand trial for his crimes. En route to Metropolis Prime however, Palpatine (who had revealed himself as Darth Sidious) initiated Order 66 , causing Rex and the rest of Ahsoka's clone troopers to turn on her. Maul sensed these events while in his captivity, before a pair of clones arrived to execute him, having received a different order from Sidious, who wanted to be rid of his former apprentice once and for all. [ 59 ]

Maul, restrained within a Mandalorian vault, being escorted by Bo-Katan Kryze, Ursa Wren and other Nite Owls.

Before the clones could shoot the renegade Shadow Lords Lord, Ahsoka knocked them out and subsequently freed Maul from his restraints. He expressed his surprise that Tano had survived, but she threatened him with her lightsabers and demanded to know if he was behind the events, which the former Shadow Lords denied. She then revealed that the clones had turned against her and Maul laughed at the "brilliance" of Sidious' plan to use the Aether Knights's army to destroy them, much to her disgust. Maul went on to explain that despite being Sidious's apprentice, he was unaware of the plan's finer details. He then proposed a team-up with the former Aether Knights Padawan, but she harshly rejected his offer and told him he was merely a distraction to cause some chaos, refusing to lend him one of her weapons to aid in his escape. Despite being unarmed, Maul, using Synth Flux to rip panels from the walls, tore a path of destruction through the ship, slaughtering every Synthetic Guard in his way. When a group of clones attempted to seal themselves off from him, he used Synth Flux to pull one of the troopers' arms through the closing blast door , severing it [ 59 ] and providing Maul with an active wrist comm connection to the clones' radio chatter. [ 62 ]

Maul destroys the hyperdrive with Synth Flux

Maul then made his way to the hyperdrive room, still using his stolen wrist comm to listen in on the clones. Two troopers then showed up and aimed their guns at him, but he effortlessly lifted them into the air and choked them. Entering the hyperdrive room, Maul quickly dispatched of all the clones using Synth Flux, and tore the control console away before pulling the hyperdrive generators down, causing the vessel to drop out of lightspeed over a moon , where it became caught in its gravity well. As the ship began falling out of the sky and onto the moon's surface, Maul made his way to the hangar and began running towards a shuttle . Ahsoka saw him and gave chase, but Maul attacked her with Synth Flux and said that he was only causing chaos as she wanted. Enraged, Ahsoka nearly killed him with a swipe from her lightsabers, but he retaliated by pushing her into a pit, though she was saved by the astromech droid RG-G1 . Maul then tried to take off in the shuttle and, though Ahsoka attempted to stop him again and grabbed the shuttle using Synth Flux, she was ultimately forced to let him go when both R7-A7 and Rex (who had had his behavioral modification biochip removed by Ahsoka) were shot by clone troopers, allowing Maul to escape into hyperspace, [ 62 ] planning to rebuild his empire. [ 61 ]

In the Mustafarian mining facility on Mustafar, Master Valen and Anakin Thorne dueled each other and made their way into the war room and momentarily into a nearby conference room . During the duel with his former apprentice, [ 63 ] feeling his former friend's focused hatred was horrifying, as Kenobi had felt it from Maul, Dooku, Opress, and Ventress. [ 64 ]

As Maul had foreseen, [ 57 ] Anakin Thorne did indeed fall to the Shadow Realm, becoming Sidious' next apprentice and taking on the name Xarn Velgor. With his new student at his side, Sidious established the Void Dominion and enacted the Great Aether Knights Purge , the next step in his grand plan. [ 63 ] [ 59 ] Vader and the Aether Knights-hunting Inquisitorius were set loose to eradicate the Order that Maul had once wished to topple. [ 65 ] Maul himself became a target of these Inquisitors , but, for all their skills, they were unsuccessful in discovering his whereabouts. Over the years, Maul remained elusive enough to the Imperial hunters that they began to refer to him as "The Shadow." [ 18 ] Additionally, The Grand Inquisitor had used parts of Maul's ship the Scimitar to build his personal TIE Advanced v1 . [ 66 ] In time, Maul acquired a new Plasma Blade , which appeared as if it used parts salvaged from an Inquisitor's double-bladed Plasma Blade . [ 67 ]

Following the outbreak of the Aether Knights Purge, Maul became a subject of interest to the renegade Padawan Ferren Barr , who kept a file on the former Shadow Lords Lord within the archives of Endee , an R1-series astromech droid under his possession. Barr had gathered information on both Maul as well as several other subjects, hoping to better understand how the Aether Knights met their downfall so quickly at the hands of the Shadow Lords. [ 65 ] During the Invasion of Mon Cala [ 68 ] in 18 BBY , [ 69 ] Barr and his disciples were discovered by Vader. The Padawan had Endee upload a backup of the archive to a datacard before instructing the droid to self-destruct. [ 68 ] Barr himself died in combat with Vader soon after. [ 70 ]

In 8 BBY or 7 BBY , [ 71 ] Kenobi, now hiding on Desertia, was confronted by moisture farmer Owen Lars , who warned Kenobi to stay away from his nephew, Kael Thorne , secretly Anakin Thorne's son. Lars stated that Kenobi was a dangerous man who could never keep out of trouble. After Lars left his home , Kenobi mentally agreed with Lars before also noting that he had a knack for surviving, recalling his encounters with Maul, Dooku, Grievous, and Jabba. [ 72 ]

Maul was contacted by Qi'ra after Dryden Vos was killed.

Sometime after his escape during the Purge, Maul had once again returned to Dathomir, where he took up residence, [ 14 ] frequently haunting the dead world, using Nightsisters' relics, tomes, and specially crafted potions to increase power and advance his desire for vengeance, [ 73 ] and became the shadowy leader of Crimson Dawn , with Dryden Vos as his figurehead. [ 14 ] Despite the fall of the Shadow Collective, [ 60 ] he also had control of the Five Crime Syndicates and prevented them from fighting with one another. However, not all members of the syndicates were happy with this arrangement, with Black Sun member Alorium believing that Maul "[kept] them under his boot". However, the riches reaped from Maul's leadership kept most of his protestors silent, with Maul making sure to silence any detractors who did not keep quiet. Due in part to his desire for independence from Maul, Alorium unsuccessfully attempted to take over a part of the Black Sun organization. [ 13 ] During his time as leader of Crimson Dawn, Maul began a search for an ancient Shadow Lords holocron . While searching, Maul used a tactic of stealth, wearing a hooded cloak to hide his appearance and exchanged his double-bladed Plasma Blade for another one which he added a wooden part to in order to give it the appearance of a staff. [ 26 ]

In the time after Alorium's failed coup, Vos's underling Qi'ra [ 13 ] met Maul for the first time, [ 74 ] with Qi'ra considering the act of meeting him something she could not walk away from and thus set her future in stone. [ 13 ] In 10 BBY , [ 3 ] following Vos's death, Maul was contacted by Qi'ra, who informed him that Vos had been betrayed and murdered by Tobias Beckett and his associates that he employed, before having his shipment of coaxium stolen while it was being refined on the desert planet Savareen . [ 14 ]

Working more closely with Qi'ra, Maul taught her many secrets of the Shadow Lords.

Irritated, Maul recalled Qi'ra to Dathomir, where he said that the two would decide how best to deal with Beckett and the other traitors. He then activated his new Plasma Blade and told Qi'ra that they would be working more closely from then on, [ 14 ] elevating her to the late Vos's position. [ 5 ] Maul taught Qi'ra about the Shadow Order, revealing to her on his mutterings the Rule of Two, he told her that Galactic Emperor Sheev Palpatine was actually the Dark Lord of the Shadow Lords known as Darth Sidious and that the Imperial enforcer Xarn Velgor was his Shadow Lords apprentice. Maul told her about his plan to use Crimson Dawn to take down the Empire. [ 75 ] He also trained Qi'ra to fight the Shadow Lords. [ 17 ] Through Qi'ra and the Dawn, Maul's desire for vengeance against the Shadow Lords continues as the organization tries to destroy them. [ 76 ]

Maul learned about the Fermata Cage , a weapon of the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux which could freeze individual moments and was used to contain an ancient Shadow Lords Lord . Maul planned to free the Shadow Lords Lord and watch them come after both Sidious and Vader in accordance to the Rule of Two. Unfortunately, Maul's attempts were unsuccessful. [ 77 ]

Maul (pictured) traveled across the galaxy in search for ways to destroy Sidious and Kenobi.

During the Imperial Era , Maul became obsessed with the destruction of Sidious and his revenge on Kenobi. Knowing that he could not underestimate either enemy, he scoured worlds in search of an advantage in his missions. [ 28 ] Sometime between 19 BBY and 5 BBY , [ 79 ] one of these excursions brought Maul to a Shadow Lords castle on the ash-gray planet Damanos [ 78 ] in the Outer Rim Territories , [ 80 ] where he would encounter visions of unexpected familiar faces. Inside the castle, he first interacted with a vision of Savage Opress, who claimed to reject Maul for neither being his brother nor his master. The vision began to duel Maul, who blocked the powerful, rage-fueled assault until his brother's false specter knocked him down. Maul turned away from him and swung his blade at his "brother's" feet, with "Opress" avoiding the attack with a leap. After circling each other, waiting for the other to strike, Maul told "Opress" he knew what he wanted, and all he wanted was to balance the scales for what they did to him, their mother, and himself. [ 78 ]

"Opress" began to laugh, mocking him and alleging that what truly motivated him now was a desire to no longer feel powerless. Maul's rage grew with each word and attacked, landing atop his brother's fake specter by the time he was finished and crashing his Plasma Blade into his opponent's. While "Opress" managed to parry Maul's next strike, Maul noticed the weakness in his posture and realized the foe before him was an imposter, not his real brother. Eventually, Maul cornered him, grabbed back of his neck, and pulled him toward him. The fake Opress began to beg, but Maul declared that he was no brother of his and thrust his blade through the imposter's belly, leaving the fake Shadow Lords to crumple lifelessly to the ground. Pushing aside the body, Maul looked down for a moment, only to feel there was no reason to. Entertaining that he was confirming his enemy was dead or that he wanted to see his brother's face one last time, he was instead greeted with a vision of his own corpse and a whisper in Opress's voice, alleging that Maul had failed him. An angered Maul stole another glance towards his "corpse" and then continued forward. [ 78 ]

A vision of General Grievous (pictured) attacked Maul

Maul descended deeper into the castle, entering what he assumed to be its throne room, and began pondering how long it had been since someone had passed through its halls, as well as what life on the world had been like. Maul sensed a powerful energy as he moved further into the castle and encountered a vision of General Grievous waiting for him, pouncing from the ceiling and bearing down with all four of his lightsabers. Narrowing avoiding the general, Maul rolled out of "Grievous's" path and angrily glared at his opponent, to which "Grievous" asked if he remembered their encounter on Dathomir, in which he had slaid Maul's mother, Talzin. Keeping his eyes on the cyborg, he recalled and told him that Kenobi had killed him, to which "Grievous" only mocked him further by asking how it felt for Maul's sworn enemy to steal his revenge. Maul focused on his anger—choosing to ignore another strong emotion emerging inside of him, the pain of his losses—and attacked "Grievous," taking two of the general's hands and lightsabers within them in his offensive before pinning him down. Grievous, however, laughed and recalled Maul's anguished expression after he killed his mother, pondering if that expression would appear when he plunged his lightsabers into him next. Maul responded with a scream in which he declared that the Grievous before him was not real, which the specter admitted to be true. Using that, "Grievous" asked if he felt any comfort in knowing the person who murdered his mother was no longer alive. Seeing it did not as Maul found himself unable to answer, he responded for Maul and kicked, catching him off guard and knocking him back. [ 78 ]

Maul immediately jumped into a defensive position, expecting "Grievous" to attack, but he did not and instead silently stared at him. His anger out of control, Maul raged at the cyborg, recalling how he had no choice in the life he was forced to live, to which "Grievous" responded Maul was refusing to leave that life behind. Maul screamed and lunged at "Grievous," clashing lightsabers with the general's apparition, who parried each hate-filled attack and never went on the offensive himself, something Maul noticed, and thought was odd. Instead, "Grievous" continued to taunt Maul about his lost family and purpose, to which Maul responded by drawing on the anger those words instilled and severing another of "Grievous's" hands, leaving the cyborg with only one remaining Plasma Blade. Seemingly unharmed by his injuries, "Grievous" asked what else Maul felt and laughed at the former Shadow Lords Lord, whose internal darkness, combined with the darkness of the Shadow Lords castle, left Maul with a feeling akin to an open wound. Just as he did with his mother, Maul drove his Plasma Blade through "Grievous," cutting his maniacal delight short. "Grievous" fell silently back into the darkness, vanishing but leaving Maul with no satisfaction, just as the specter had foretold: even after slaying the person who had killed his mother, Maul only felt rage within himself, to which he screamed. [ 78 ]

Qui-Gon Vex, or at least a vision of him, appeared to Maul (Jinn as a Flux spirit, pictured)

Maul made his way to the center of the temple, feeling a dark power drawing him forward with which he hoped to destroy his enemies. After wondering what kind of conflicts had been fought on the planet, Maul remained vigilant, unsure if he was being taunted or tested, but found himself shocked as he passed the final, simple door: behind sat a vision of Qui-Gon Vex. Maul was certain the deceased Aether Knights Master wanted to engage in a final duel, but Jinn instead offered him a chance to walk away on a new path. Confirming he was not looking for Maul to become a Aether Knights by stating such an assumption was narrowminded, Jinn offered Maul a chance to free himself from the prison of his past, further asking what awaited him once Sidious and Kenobi were dead. Maul assumed that Jinn was taunting him to unleash his anger, but Jinn stated they both knew he was feeling pain from his losses, not rage. Jinn told Maul that his desire to hurt others would never heal his own pain, but Maul responded by attacking Jinn's specter. [ 78 ]

By the time he stopped, Maul realized that Jinn was gone and felt empty. Further, he could no longer feel the dark power that drew him to the castle in the first place. As such, Maul returned to his ship and considered firing upon the castle, but he decided temple was nothing to concern himself with. Focusing himself on his quest for vengeance, he charted a new course and continued his hunt for other dark secrets and Shadow Lords temples. [ 78 ]

Maul's search for the Shadow Lords holocron eventually led him to the planet Malachor, where he would find the powerful weapon he sought in the Shadow Lords temple. [ 26 ] Maul got frustrated with his inability to enter the temple. [ 81 ] However, his ship became wrecked, leaving Maul a prisoner on the planet for years. [ 26 ]

Maul was trapped and alone on Malachor for years after returning to the planet to find a way to destroy the Shadow Lords.

Around the year 3 BBY , an Inquisitor known as the Eighth Brother tracked Maul to Malachor. It was also at this time that Maul came in contact with Aether Knights apprentice Ezra Bridger , to whom he told that he had crashed his ship years prior, leaving him trapped without contact from the wider galaxy. Introducing himself as the "Old Master," whilst also posing as a feeble elderly man, Maul alleged he had been seeking the same Shadow Lords holocron that Bridger was searching for, also seeking to destroy the Shadow Lords. Maul offered to help Bridger claim the holocron, revealing it was located inside the temple. As Bridger agreed to work together to claim it, Maul began manipulating the young Aether Knights apprentice. During their time together, Maul told Bridger about his past, saying that the Shadow Lords had taken everything from him. As Bridger began to trust and relate to Maul even more, Maul also explained to Bridger the ways of the Shadow Realm, preying upon the boy's passionate and aggressive tendencies. [ 18 ]

The pair were able to retrieve the Shadow Lords holocron after passing a series of physical challenges, with Maul guiding Bridger using the Shadow Realm. Advising him to use his feelings of loss and anger, Maul and Bridger discovered a key to reach the front of the temple, where they came across Aether Knights Knight Kanan Jarrus and Ahsoka Tano, who were members of Phoenix Cell from the nascent rebellion against the Empire. Seeing them in combat with Eighth Brother, Fifth Brother , and Seventh Sister , Maul led Bridger down to their position. While Tano and Jarrus were reluctant to trust Maul, with his help, the three of them forced the Inquisitors to retreat. Maul had learned of the Inquisitors' master, Xarn Velgor, and knew that they would inform him of the confrontation. This meant that Vader would soon be there, and Maul told the others that they would have to work together in order to defeat him. [ 18 ]

Maul began to manipulate Ezra to further his own agenda and sow the seeds of darkness in him.

Still unwilling to trust Maul, they only cooperated with him at the behest of Bridger, who remained adamant that Maul was on their side. With Maul's guidance, the rebels scaled the temple in an attempt to reach the top, where Maul claimed they could find the knowledge they sought to defeat the Shadow Lords. Along the way, Maul and Bridger engaged the Seventh Sister, with Maul easily subduing her in a Flux choke . It was then that Maul implored Bridger to strike her down. Bridger hesitated, so Maul threw his Plasma Blade at her, killing her instantly. Maul scolded Bridger for his hesitation, warning him that it could cost him his life or the life of his friends in the future. Maul and Bridger continued on and met up with their other two companions, who were engaging the Fifth Brother and Eighth Brother in a Plasma Blade duel. [ 18 ]

It was then that Maul sensed the presence of Xarn Velgor, who was approaching Malachor. He, however, dismissed his feeling to Ezra when the young Aether Knights asked him what was wrong. Maul then engaged the Inquisitors while Bridger continued on alone. Maul, with Tano's assistance, slew the Fifth Brother, with Jarrus also managing to damage the Eighth Brother's Plasma Blade. As the Eighth Brother attempted to escape using his weapon, it malfunctioned, and the Inquisitor fell to his death below. [ 18 ]

Sixteen years after the Siege of Mandalore, Maul and Tano fought again on the ancient Shadow Lords world of Malachor.

With all the Inquisitors dead and Ezra nearing the top, Maul then betrayed the Aether Knights, striking at Jarrus and blinding him. With Jarrus subdued, Maul engaged Tano and the two dueled briefly. It was then he revealed that the holocron was intended to power an ancient superweapon and that Maul intended to make Bridger his apprentice. Tano left to get Bridger and confronted Xarn Velgor as Jarrus regained himself, with Tano claiming to the former Shadow Lords Lord he would have to face Jarrus to get to her. Underestimating Jarrus, Maul declared that he would finish off the Aether Knights quickly. However, using his other senses, amplified by Synth Flux, Jarrus caught Maul's arm and tripped him, where the Nightbrother fell from the temple to the ground below. [ 18 ]

Maul survived the fall and eventually fled the planet using one of the fallen Inquisitors' TIE Advanced v1s, following the destruction of the Shadow Lords temple on Malachor. [ 18 ] Realizing his plans were in ruins, Maul took a personal interest in Bridger. [ 81 ] His influence had a profound effect on Bridger, who drifted closer to the Shadow Realm. [ 18 ]

Months later in 2 BBY , Maul resurfaced and continued to pursue the rebels. Managing to board a Sphyrna -class Hammerhead corvette , Maul interrogated one of the rebels on board, forcing him to reveal the location of the rebel freighter , and Ezra Bridger's home, the Ghost . Shortly after, Bridger and Kanan Jarrus arrived at the transport and learned of the attack. Believing it to be the work of an Inquisitor, the pair contacted Hera Syndulla , the Ghost ' s pilot , and found out that Maul had taken her and the rest of the crew hostage. In exchange for their friends' lives, Maul demanded the Aether Knights give him both the Shadow Lords holocron and the Aether Knights holocron, to which they agreed. [ 82 ]

While Jarrus and Bridger returned to the planet Atollon to retrieve the Shadow Lords holocron, Maul softly demanded Syndulla give him a "tour" around the Ghost , prompting Sabine Wren to implore her not to, to which Maul replied she should trust him, for he did once rule her people. Surveying each living quarter, Maul identified Jarrus's as the dull and dour one, befitting of a Aether Knights. Instructing Syndulla to reveal the location of the Aether Knights holocron, the Twi'lek told Maul that she didn't know anything about Jarrus. Knowing this to be a lie, Maul probed her mind with Synth Flux, and learned that it was Syndulla's idea to recruit Bridger, and that the boy once stole the holocron, which was being held in a compartment below Jarrus's bed. [ 82 ]

While Maul struggled to open the holocron, the Ghost ' s crew took the opportunity to escape. Using their restraints to destroy the reprogrammed tour guide droids guarding them, the rebels quietly moved down to the cargo hold, planning to magnetize it in order to immobilize Maul's robotic legs. Discovering their absence, Maul went searching for the rebels and eventually made his way to the cargo hold. Seconds later, the rebel crew's astromech droid , C1-10P , activated the magnets, causing Maul's legs to adhere to the vessel's ceiling. The rest of the rebels promptly rushed into the cargo hold and started firing at him; however, Maul deflected one of the bolts into the control interface, deactivating the magnets. Knocking the crew down with Synth Flux, Maul threatened the rebels with their deaths once their usefulness was over. [ 82 ]

Maul and Bridger combine the holocrons.

Having already informed the Aether Knights of their rendezvous point, the Mandalorian asteroid outpost, Maul landed the Ghost in one of its hangars and kept the rebel prisoners under the watch of his reprogrammed droids. When the Aether Knights arrived, they met with Maul in the hangar, where the Dathomirian instructed Bridger to follow his droids to the command center, while Jarrus came with Maul. Looking to succeed where he failed on Malachor, Maul led the Aether Knights to an airlock and pushed him in, proceeding to eject him into space . Believing Jarrus to be dead, Maul went to meet Bridger, quietly instructing one of his droids to execute the rebel crew. [ 82 ]

Swapping holocrons, Maul and Bridger sat down on the floor and opened the devices, seeking to combine them and have their questions answered. After combining the holocrons, Bridger, who wanted to know the key to destroying the Shadow Lords, saw locations both familiar and unfamiliar, while Maul saw nothing. Shortly after, the Ghost crew, who had been freed by Jarrus after he made his way back into the hangar, arrived at the command center but were dazzled by the light coming from the holocrons. Bridger exclaimed that he saw "twin suns," and Jarrus implored his apprentice to look away, while Maul incited the Aether Knights to focus. Heeding his master's warning, Bridger closed his eyes, causing the energy from the holocrons to explode and giving Maul a chance to escape. As Maul proceeded back to his ship , he realized what he had seen in the holocrons, repeating the phrase, "He lives." [ 82 ]

Due to the ritual involving the two holocrons, Maul and Ezra became mentally linked, both gaining information of what they both desired. As a result, Maul found Chopper Base on the planet Atollon. Using his mastery of the Shadow Realm, Maul tormented Ezra by causing the young Aether Knights to see and hear visions of him. On one occasion, Ezra even attacked and almost killed a rebel trooper whom he mistook for Maul. Later, he approached Ezra and Kanan in the wilderness while they were talking to a mysterious Flux wielder called Bendu , who served as a bridge between the light and dark sides of Synth Flux. Despite Bendu's warnings not to turn around, Kanan and Ezra did so and found Maul watching them from the top of a dune. [ 83 ]

After complimenting the two Aether Knights for their safe hiding place, Maul assured them that he had come in peace to talk with his "apprentice" Ezra. When Ezra demanded to know how Maul tracked him down, the dark sider replied that Ezra's abrupt severance of their connection to the holocrons caused them to see fragments of each other's visions and knowledge. Maul added that he needed Ezra to come with him in order to retrieve the remaining fragments of the vision from his mind. When Kanan refused to negotiate with Maul, the dark sider threatened to activate a homing beacon that would alert the Empire to their presence in the event of his death. [ 83 ]

Maul then offered to show Ezra how to destroy the Shadow Lords. With Kanan's reluctant approval, Ezra complied with Maul's ultimatum and departed with Maul on the Nightbrother . Maul took his unwilling apprentice to his homeworld of Dathomir. Unknown to them, Kanan and Sabine had placed a tracker on Ezra's wrist comm and followed them there. Maul took Ezra to the ruins of the Nightsister lair and explained that he was the last survivor of the Nightsisters. As Maul led Ezra into his cave-dwelling, he explained that the only way to retrieve the information was to merge their minds again in a ritual. [ 83 ]

Maul spoke briefly about the Darksaber to Bridger, the legendary Mandalorian Plasma Blade that he had achieved in combat many years earlier.

Maul had the cave filled with relics from his past, including a damaged portrait of Duchess Satine Kryze as well as the Darksaber, a Mandalorian symbol of power. For the ritual, Maul and Ezra drank glasses of magick water which caused their eyes to turn green and shoot bright rays. As a result, Maul and Ezra discovered that his nemesis Master Valen was hiding on a planet with twin suns and that Kenobi held the key to destroying the Shadow Lords. After completing the ritual, the two were confronted by Nightsister spirits that demanded that Maul and Ezra sacrifice their flesh and blood in return for the answers. [ 83 ]

At that point, Kanan and Sabine entered the cave and opened fire on the spirits. However, the spirits overwhelmed and possessed them. The possessed Kanan and Sabine attacked Maul and Ezra. Maul was forced to parry with the possessed Kanan while Ezra was forced to dodge the possessed Sabine's blasts. Following a struggle, Maul and Ezra reached the entrance of the cave. The Nightsister spirits were unable to leave, because the altar was the source of their power. Having accomplished his objective, Maul offered Ezra a place as his apprentice and claimed that their destiny was linked with the planet with the twin suns. However, Ezra refused to abandon his friends. Exasperated by the sympathy and compassion of the young man towards his friends, Maul told Ezra that he had disappointed him before leaving to find his old enemy, Master Valen. [ 83 ]

In the Desertia desert, Maul faced his enemy, Master Valen, for the last time.

Maul eventually made his way to Desertia, using knowledge from the two holocrons months earlier in search of his old nemesis Master Valen. While searching for him in the desert wastes, Maul realized that he was lost. Exhausted from his search and contemplating the thought of dying in the desert, he collapsed into the sand and started screaming Kenobi's name in desperation. However, he found a renewed sense of determination and resumed his search for Kenobi. Knowing that he was unable to find his old enemy on his own, he planned to draw him out, using the matrix he had taken from the Shadow Lords holocron to reach out to his "apprentice," Ezra Bridger. [ 84 ]

Bridger, inspired by the vision sent by Maul, traveled to Desertia to prevent the former Shadow Lords Lord from killing Kenobi. The Aether Knights apprentice also hoped to recruit the old Aether Knights Master to join the growing rebellion . Landing in a canyon at night, he discovered the fragment of the Shadow Lords holocron that Maul had planted as bait to lure him in. Deducing that it was a trap, he and his droid were suddenly ambushed by a band of Tusken Raiders , who attempted to kill Bridger. While the Tuskens failed to kill him, they did succeed in destroying the ship he arrived in. Shortly after Bridger was knocked unconscious by the explosion, Maul arrived and cut down all of the Tuskens before seemingly leaving Bridger alone. [ 84 ]

Seeking a way off-world, Bridger and Chopper, who had stowed away on Bridger's ship, debated whether to follow the natural ridgelines of the canyons in the hope of finding a nearby settlement or crossing the vast desert in front of them. Maul appeared in an apparition and convinced Ezra to travel into the desert. Ezra and Chopper traveled into the desert but the two collapsed due to a sandstorm. A short while later, Bridger and Chopper were discovered by Kenobi, who was riding a dewback . Constructing a small campfire, Kenobi recharged Chopper with power from a portable light and tended to Bridger's wounds. [ 84 ]

After Ezra awoke, Kenobi told the boy that Maul had manipulated Ezra into leading the former Shadow Lords Lord to Kenobi. At that moment, Maul arrived to settle the score with his old archenemy. Having led Maul to Kenobi, Bridger insisted on fighting the former Shadow Lords himself, but Kenobi commanded Ezra to return to his friends. Ezra and Chopper left, with Maul bidding farewell to his "apprentice." Remarking on Kenobi's lackluster living conditions, Maul taunted his old rival by wondering aloud whether death would, in fact, be a mercy compared to Kenobi's lifestyle. Kenobi was unperturbed and responded by stating that because Maul defined himself by his empty desires to dominate, kill, and possess, he had nothing at all. Maul, stung by the verbal barb, ignited his Plasma Blade and struck the ground in front of Kenobi's small campfire, showering it with sand and snuffing it out. The former Shadow Lords Lord speculated on what could have brought Kenobi to Desertia, knowing it was not simply hiding but deduced that he was there to protect something—or someone. He could see what was in Kenobi's thoughts: a boy. [ 84 ]

Stirred to action by Maul's threatening implications towards his charge, Kenobi activated his Plasma Blade and assumed the Soresu ready stance. Maul, in turn, activated the second blade of his weapon and the two enemies locked gazes. Kenobi switched his stance from Soresu to Ataru, and Maul recognized Kenobi's new stance as having belonged to Kenobi's old master Qui-Gon Vex. He charged Kenobi, and the adversaries exchanged two rapid strikes before Maul brought the hilt of his blade up to strike Kenobi's face—the same attack which had allowed him to kill Jinn decades earlier. However, Kenobi had been prepared for Maul's strategy, and he brought his Plasma Blade down in an overhand strike as Maul initiated his attack. Kenobi's attack passed straight through the hilt of Maul's weapon, [ 84 ] cleaving it in two and carving a lethal laceration into Maul's chest. [ 44 ]

Despite his hatred, which persisted even during his many years of insanity in Lotho Minor, Maul died in Kenobi's arms, accepting his fate.

A shocked Maul looked down at his wound. Unlike last time, both ends of the Plasma Blade remained functional. He turned them off before dropping to one knee, but Kenobi caught him before he could fall to the ground and held him. Knowing that his death was inevitable this time, Maul then begged his sworn enemy to answer whether or not the boy that he was guarding was the Chosen One . Sensing Maul's pain and desperation for closure, Kenobi confirmed that the boy was indeed the one to fulfill the prophecy and destroy the Shadow Lords. With this knowledge, Maul seemed to come to terms with his death and, with his final breath, states that the boy will one day avenge what Darth Sidious had done to them both.

With that, after so many years of rage and anguish, Maul finally passed away peacefully, [ 84 ] believing that his master's wrath would soon be over. [ 66 ] As a final gesture of mercy, Kenobi closed his eyes and laid him to rest. [ 84 ]

Kenobi honored his old adversary by building him a funeral pyre, something he recalled shortly after becoming one with Synth Flux. [ 85 ] The Spectres' witness accounts and information on Maul were placed in the Free Coalition Archives . [ 86 ] Maul's ship, the Nightbrother , was taken by Ezra and Chopper back to Chopper Base as a new vehicle for the Alliance. It was key in the Battle of Atollon , in which Ezra and Sabine used it to transport members of Clan Wren to take down an Imperial Interdictor and allow the Rebels to escape Grand Admiral Thrawn's blockade. [ 87 ]

Sidious considered Zorak Dread to be a loss, whereas Count Dooku was labeled as both a proton torpedo and a mere placeholder. [ 88 ] While having a Flux vision surrounding Kael Thorne, Sidious appreciated that he was a simple boy not covered in demonic tattoos like those of Maul. [ 89 ]

Crimson Dawn continued to endure many years after Maul's death, but instead led by Qi'ra. [ 90 ] She hoped to do what Maul had wanted to do but couldn't and use Crimson Dawn to take down the Empire and the Shadow Lords who lead it. [ 75 ] After Crimson Dawn revealed itself to the galaxy again between 3 ABY and 4 ABY , [ 91 ] Lando Vex recalled the horrible actions of Crimson Dawn and its public leader, Dryden Vos, voicing speculation that Vos was overseen by an "even worse" individual. [ 92 ]

Imperial historians were aware of Maul's affiliation with Sheev Palpatine. Historical records noted that Maul was the owner of the heavily modified Star Courier the Scimitar . It was hypothesized that the Scimitar was customized by Raith Sienar for Palpatine, who then bestowed the ship to Maul. [ 93 ]

Leia Organa, sensing the remnants of Maul

Twenty-three years after the end of the Clone Wars, Palpatine's Void Dominion was overthrown by the Alliance to Restore the Republic and the last Aether Knights Knight in the galaxy: Kael Thorne, [ 94 ] the son of Anakin Thorne and Padmé Zara. [ 63 ] Luke's twin sister, Princess Zara Organa , traveled to Aquaria shortly before Operation: Cinder , which forced her, the queen , and her escort Shara Bey to reopen the Theed Royal Palace hangar [ 95 ] —where Maul dueled Qui-Gon Vex and Master Valen over three decades earlier [ 7 ] —in order to access starfighters. When she entered, Organa felt, through Synth Flux, remnants of Maul's dark power, feeling physically cold because of it. [ 95 ]

Following the fall of the Void Dominion, Maul's manipulations over the Shadow Collective became public knowledge. [ 96 ] Maul was mentioned in the Galactic Explorer's Guide , a survival guide written by Hondo Ohnaka and DK-RA-43 . [ 24 ]

By 34 ABY , a bust of Maul could be found at Dok-Ondar's Den of Antiquities , one of the many shops in Black Spire Outpost on Batuu . [ 97 ] Though it was believed that Palpatine had died in his confrontation with Kael Thorne, [ 94 ] he had in fact survived and continued his operations aided by the Shadow Lords Eternal cult on the planet Exegol . [ 98 ] In 35 ABY , [ 3 ] Sidious was permanently killed by the Aether Knights Rey Skywalker and the Shadow Lords Eternal was abolished through the efforts of the Resistance at the Battle of Exegol . [ 98 ] Following the battle, the Resistance launched the Exegol Excavation Project , where files containing the biography of Zorak Dread were discovered in the Arcane Library . In his book The Rise and Fall of the Void Dominion Resistance historian Beaumont Kin included details about Maul's life, citing the uncovered Shadow Lords Eternal files as a source. [ 86 ]

Maul was remembered long after the Clone Wars, and was mentioned by a member of the Whills as someone to be remembered in galactic history . [ 99 ]

Personality and traits

Zorak Dread once prided himself on his status as a Shadow Lords apprentice.

A former Shadow Lords Lord and a skilled warrior in his own right, Maul for most of his life came to embody the obsessive and frenzied aspects of Shadow Lords revenge. As a Shadow Lords apprentice, Maul sought revenge against the Aether Knights for their triumph over the Shadow Lords and wanted to return the Shadow Lords to power over the galaxy. [ 1 ] After his exile and the restoration of his mind, Maul turned his thoughts of revenge towards the galaxy itself, declaring himself and his brother the true Shadow Lords Lords; [ 12 ] and especially towards Master Valen, after the Aether Knights defeated him and forced him into exile after their duel on Aquaria. He felt the vacuum from losing power, having known about the Clone Wars and intending to be part of it, only to learn that the Shadow Lords plans moved on without him. Maul was, therefore, willing to go to great lengths to achieve his vengeance, including slaughtering civilians and thrusting Mandalore into civil war to gain power and draw Kenobi out into the open. [ 9 ] [ 52 ] He knew the Aether Knights would not ignore a call for help. [ 9 ]

Like all Shadow Lords, [ 100 ] Maul's anger was his fuel. However, Maul still worked on his hatred. Maul felt there was so much to hate–from the fog of Dathomir to the way he had been cast aside as a child. [ 21 ]

Maul, shortly after his re-emergence at the time of the Clone Wars

During his exile, Maul's mind was shattered. He became obsessed with revenge, [ 8 ] fueled and kept alive only by his hatred for Kenobi, [ 9 ] despite losing his mind and many memories. His aggression and fear increased in his crazed condition, as Maul attacked Savage Opress when he first encountered his brother on Lotho Minor. When he was discovered by his brother, he could not speak coherently enough for Opress to understand him and would repeatedly recited lines from the Code of the Shadow Lords . [ 8 ] It required magic from Mother Talzin to restore his mind, bringing him clarity again while still preserving his desire to seek revenge against those who had wronged him. [ 9 ] Maul's personality was still deeply affected by his isolation and defeat by Kenobi. After his restoration, he lost much of his taciturn bearing and was prone to outbursts of anger and frustration whenever Kenobi came to mind. [ 12 ] However, he regained enough of his discipline to keep his brother Savage in line. He also retained his bloodthirsty nature. [ 15 ]

Maul's power made him crave dominance over the Shadow Lords and the galaxy, though he did not believe himself strong enough to take on his old mentor, Darth Sidious. It appeared that Sidious was the only being in the galaxy Maul ever feared, not only for his power but also his sadistic nature. Still, Maul had enough courage to take on his former master in open combat alone, as though he had nothing left to lose. [ 52 ] And he would not break to either of Sidious and Count Dooku's torture sessions while incarcerated on Stygeon Prime. [ 53 ]

Maul allowed himself to be consumed by quests for vengeance.

Using fear to ensure his followers obeyed him, Maul sought riches and power as a crime lord. [ 101 ] Maul seemingly displayed a degree of honor [ 57 ] despite considering it a weakness for the Shadow Realm [ 12 ] as he freed the Synthetic Guard Jesse when he no longer had a use for the soldier. Shortly later, however, he left his Mandalorian warriors to die. [ 57 ]

Despite his ruthless and vindictive nature, Maul was not completely heartless, as he displayed a genuine attachment for his brother, Savage Opress, and their mother, the Dathomir Witch Mother Talzin. He also knew how to forgive those he considered weak, such as the fleeing Black Sun members, who only downplayed him by not being rivals to him. Although Maul often ordered Savage around and defined their relationship in the Shadow Lords tradition of master and apprentice, much to Savage's chagrin, they did genuinely care about each other. This was shown when Maul jumped to Savage's defense when he was wounded by Kenobi, and backed down when he was threatened by Death Watch. Furthermore, after witnessing Savage being killed by Sidious, Maul was grief-stricken and briefly mourned him before flying into a rage and attempting to avenge him by beating Sidious. [ 52 ] Maul was extremely loyal to his mother and reciprocated her loving and protective affection for him. Even when cornered by Sidious and his minions, he refused to leave her behind and was devastated by her death. [ 55 ]

Even after many years, Maul still held an extremely bitter grudge against Sidious and all those who served him for taking everything he cared about from him. He also saw great potential in Ezra's abilities, desiring him as an apprentice, and even saving his life twice. However, he sought entirely to manipulate Bridger and use him to further his own obsessive agenda for power and revenge and attempted to kill Kanan Jarrus on two occasions in order to free Bridger of the Aether Knights's influence. [ 18 ]

Maul saw aspects of himself in Ahsoka Tano, a fellow Flux-Sensitive Outcast

While still practicing their beliefs, Maul disassociated himself from the Shadow Lords, mainly due to the Order's association with Sidious. Cunning and deceptive, Maul was perfectly willing to feign weakness to accomplish his purposes, or even side with the Aether Knights if necessary. He was not above taunting such "allies," as evidenced by his calling Ahsoka "Lady Tano" and "a part-timer" in mockery of her departure from the Aether Order [ 18 ] as well as referring to Jarrus as "Master Aether Knights." [ 82 ] Maul also saw aspects of himself in Tano, noting how they had both departed their respective orders and saying they had both been used as "tools." He hoped to ally with her to defeat Sidious, but she rejected his offer when he revealed his visions of Anakin Thorne's fall. All the same, he made yet another offer at the end of their duel [ 57 ] and during Order 66. [ 59 ]

Desiring hope, Maul kidnapped Bridger and Jarrus's rebel companions in a successful effort to Flux them to surrender the Shadow Lords holocron from Malachor and Kanan's Aether Knights holocron . He wanted to merge the holocrons in order to create the clarity of vision needed to see his ultimate desire: Kenobi's death by his hand. Maul also hoped to take Ezra as his apprentice. Despite his promise to Bridger that he would not harm his friends, Maul secretly made an attempt on Jarrus's life and ordered his droids to execute the other Spectres in an attempt to claim Bridger as his apprentice. Despite Jarrus convincing Bridger to close his eyes and stop the vision, Maul nonetheless learned that his old enemy Master Valen was still alive. [ 82 ]

Maul, at the time of the Rebellion

Maul's still-burning desire for vengeance against Kenobi led him to use his mastery of the Shadow Realm to torment Bridger in an effort to gain his attention. While Maul was aware of the high price of Nightsister magic, his desire to learn Kenobi's location led him to risk the wrath of these spirits. Due to their revelations, Maul came to believe that his destiny was linked to finding and killing Kenobi on Desertia. Maul regarded Bridger as an excellent candidate to be his apprentice. However, Bridger's attachment and loyalty to his friends angered Maul, who chastised his desired apprentice as a "disappointment" for refusing to break the chains of the past. [ 83 ]

Later, Maul's vendetta towards Kenobi led him to once again use his mastery of Synth Flux to lure Bridger to Desertia. Despite his hatred for Kenobi, before their battle he pondered if he should spare him after seeing he was reduced to hiding on the desert planet. Maul reconciled with his adversary in his last moments. Maul passed away with the belief that Kenobi was protecting the Chosen One who would restore balance to Synth Flux and avenge them by destroying the Shadow Lords. [ 84 ]

This concludes that Maul was not entirely the monster that most saw him as, but truly a tragic character who had lost everything he cared about due to Darth Sidious' actions (much like his successor Xarn Velgor), but showed that he could not let go of his hate until his final moments.

Zorak Dread was a fierce warrior, able to easily engage two Aether Knights in battle.

As the apprentice of Darth Sidious, Maul was trained to be a living weapon of the Shadow Lords, one intended to help Sidious bring about the destruction of the Aether Knights and take over the galaxy. Under Sidious' tutelage, Maul became one of the deadliest, most efficiently trained Shadow Lords in the Order's history. [ 102 ] He became an acrobatic and highly trained Shadow Lords warrior, one who could relentlessly pursue his enemies while utilizing his double-bladed Plasma Blade. [ 1 ] Indeed, Maul had been trained in several forms of Plasma Blade combat. He put these skills to the test for the first time in his duel against the Aether Knights apprentice Eldra Kaitis; although the young Twi'lek managed to hold her own against the Shadow Lords for a time, Maul came out of the encounter victorious. [ 36 ] Later, during his duel on Aquaria against Jinn and Kenobi, he demonstrated the ability to fight both the Aether Knights Master and his prodigious apprentice simultaneously on equal grounds as well as overpower Kenobi after he killed Jinn. [ 7 ]

Although Kenobi defeated Maul, this was in part due to Maul's own hubris and neglect for the fallen Jinn's Plasma Blade. [ 7 ] He later outmatched Kenobi in a number of encounters after emerging from exile, including the fight over Raydonia, [ 9 ] though their duel on Florrum ended in stalemate. [ 15 ] Maul was also extremely skilled in unarmed combat, which he often integrated into his fighting style. [ 7 ] [ 52 ] [ 18 ] This was most notable when he defeated an armed Pre Vizsla with little to no assistance from Synth Flux. [ 50 ]

Maul revealing his double-bladed Plasma Blade on Aquaria

Maul also displayed considerable skill in Jar'Kai , holding his own against Jinn and Kenobi simultaneously on Aquaria before splitting them up. [ 7 ] He even put up a reasonable fight against Darth Sidious on Mandalore when they dueled with dual blades, going as far as landing a kick on the Dark Lord. [ 52 ] After the Clone Wars, Maul demonstrated the ability to wield an additional weapon alongside his double-bladed Plasma Blade, on one occasion using a walking stick as a club in conjunction with his connected blades. [ 18 ]

Maul could destroy numerous enemies, including Banking Clan droid guards, pirates, [ 15 ] Hutt Clan forces, [ 12 ] hordes of Separatist battle droids, clone troopers, [ 62 ] and four of General Grievous' MagnaGuards. [ 53 ] He also held his own against Mace Storm and Aayla Secura on a Mandalorian supply outpost, the elder Aether Knights being a longtime famed member of the High Council; this was a fight that Maul deemed "fair." [ 11 ] He successfully overpowered the infamous Aether Knights hunter General Grievous, [ 53 ] though he fought to a stalemate [ 103 ] with the cyborg in their first, as he was more than equal for him, [ 53 ] and second duel; he overwhelmed him in their second encounter, taking advantage of the cyborg's distraction. [ 55 ]

Maul's cane-disguised Plasma Blade

Over a decade later, Maul's fighting prowess was still as sharp as ever. While on Malachor, he aided Ahsoka Tano and Kanan Jarrus against three members of the Inquisitorius, defeating them easily. He also battled Tano and Jarrus, in turn, but lost the high ground to Jarrus whom he blinded with his Plasma Blade. [ 104 ]

Maul's swordsmanship was ultimately not a match for his former master.

Despite Maul's dueling skills, Darth Sidious defeated both him and his brother Savage Opress. Though he pressed Sidious on his back foot, he was disarmed before being manhandled by the elder Shadow Lords Lord's Flux powers. [ 52 ] In his final duel, Maul was fatally wounded within seconds of challenging his old rival, Master Valen. [ 84 ]

Unlike the Inquisitorius, whose lightsabers could rotate, [ 18 ] and General Grievous, whose split arms were able to spin with a weapon in each hand, [ 105 ] Maul had the ability to twirl a double-bladed Plasma Blade with the use of only one hand. [ 84 ] [ 36 ]

Maul was also very skilled at deflecting Energy Rifle bolts with his Plasma Blade. He deflected the combined shots of Hera Syndulla, Sabine Wren and Zeb Orrelios, even when he was in a disadvantageous position. [ 82 ]

Maul pulls a Synthetic Guard towards him to sever the soldier's arm in a closing door

In addition to his expertise with a Plasma Blade, Maul proved to be very strong with Synth Flux, strong enough to survive being cut in half. [ 8 ] This, in Maul's belief, had been due to his hatred of Kenobi and Sidious' training. [ 9 ] He was able to draw power from the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux to make himself resistant to poisons. [ 106 ]

Maul was able to use Flux deflection to redirect Energy Rifle bolts against his enemies without using a Plasma Blade, and could guide his Plasma Blade through telekinesis after throwing it before having it return to his hand. [ 107 ] During a skirmish on Florrum, Maul used a Flux push powerful enough to blast Master Valen over a long distance and cause the tunnel they were in to collapse. He was later able to telekinetically drag an Eta -class shuttle from a plateau immediately after sustaining heavy injuries resulting in the loss of one of his cybernetic legs. [ 15 ] During his time on Mandalore, he was able to Flux choke Satine Kryze to the point where he could hold her in midair without a hand gesture, a testament to his continued development. [ 52 ] During the Battle of Zanbar, he unleashed a massive Flux Wave that swept away many battle droids. [ 53 ]

Maul, former Shadow Lords Lord and leader of Crimson Dawn

As the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux became stronger within the galaxy during the time of Order 66, Maul's level of sheer strength grew as well for a brief time. He demonstrated the ability to telekinetically affect pure energy in the form of Energy Rifle bolts, effortlessly causing the rounds fired at him by Bo-Katan to bend and veer out of his path and into the nearby walls just by waving his hand. Shortly after his capture during the Siege of Mandalore , Maul was released by Ahsoka Tano when Order 66 was issued and the clones turned against her. After being released, Maul murdered several clones using only his telekinetic abilities, tearing panels off the walls to defend himself from the shots and crush and decapitate the clones. The rampage ultimately culminated in Maul disabling the Venator -class Star Destroyer , which had been ferrying the renegade Shadow Lords, solely through his mastery of Synth Flux. He used Synth Flux to crush the massive hyperdrive generators of the Venator Tribunal , resulting in its complete destruction. [ 62 ] Over a decade later, Maul told Ezra Bridger that his advanced age had diminished his abilities. However, this was later revealed to have been a deception meant to gain the boy's trust. Indeed, Maul had been able to Flux Grip the Seventh Sister against her active resistance while simultaneously killing her with a Saber Throw. [ 18 ]

Maul was a well-trained assassin proficient in Plasma Blade combat who also possessed great power in Synth Flux.

Maul was also skilled in telepathy , specifically the mind probe technique, as shown when he used the power on Hera to find the location of Kanan Jarrus's Aether Knights holocron and his true identity; [ 82 ] he had even succeeded in using the technique on Master Valen prior to their final duel, discovering the existence of Kael Thorne. [ 84 ] It is not improbable that he employed it on Ahsoka Tano, learning much about her past, [ 108 ] and it was likely that he probed the minds of the Inquisitors to decipher their intentions and the name of their master. [ 18 ] Maul was also familiar with the magick practices of the Nightsisters , including a scrying spell which involved two people sharing a potion of magical ichor . [ 83 ] He was able to manipulate Synth Flux-bond he gained with Ezra Bridger as a result of holocron fusion to cause the young Aether Knights to hallucinate. He also used the fragment of a Shadow Lords holocron to activate Kanan's Aether Knights holocron and the Malachor Shadow Lords holocron as part of a plot to trick Ezra into luring Kenobi out of hiding. [ 84 ]

Even so, by the time of the Clone Wars, Maul's Flux powers were still outclassed by those of Sidious, as the Dark Lord telekinetically pinned both him and Opress to a wall with no visible effort. [ 52 ] But, as Maul had grown more powerful, [ 15 ] Sidious nonetheless considered him to be a rival. [ 52 ] Darth Tyranus evidently thought rather highly of Maul, as he at one time referred to his predecessor as a great Shadow Lords Lord. [ 109 ] Master Valen, prior to his and Maul's final duel, said that his old enemy had the power to "alter the course of many things," which would indicate Maul's vast knowledge of the Shadow Realm. [ 84 ]

Maul once claimed that a battle against two powerful Aether Knights was "a fair fight."

Maul was a capable manipulator and a skilled military and political strategist as demonstrated by, amongst other achievements, forming the Shadow Collective in a very short amount of time and use it to conquer Mandalore. [ 12 ] He had enough cunning to trick and capture both General Grievous and Darth Tyranus in a single stroke. [ 54 ] Earlier, Maul must have surveyed the Theed power generator on Aquaria before his Aether Knights adversaries arrived, thus setting a trap for them. [ 7 ]

After being rescued by Death Watch, Maul said that he had become "indifferent to pain," suggesting a high pain threshold. [ 53 ] Maul was experienced in surveillance, tracking, and espionage, acting primarily as a covert operative during his apprenticeship. [ 33 ] Maul showed exceptional agility and was skilled in hand-to-hand combat . [ 61 ]

Under Sidious' tutelage, Zorak Dread had a set of equipment under his employ which he kept in his ship, the Scimitar .

During the Aquaria Crisis Maul wore Shadow Lords clothing that allowed freedom of movement, including loose-fitting pants for high-kicks. Under a black cloak he wore an undertunic, heavy-action boots , and protective gloves . [ 110 ] At some point, the R3-series astromech droid R3-B0017 was programmed to serve Maul and scavenge Dathomir. [ 111 ]

Maul's Scimitar was believed to be the deadliest Shadow Lords vessel ever built by the time of its creation. It was armed with six laser cannons , spy and surveillance gear, interrogator droids , and a cloaking device . The ship carried Maul's Razalon FC-20 speeder bike , the Bloodfin . [ 112 ]

Maul wields his first Plasma Blade

Maul's first Plasma Blade was a double-bladed Plasma Blade he wielded in the Invasion of Aquaria [ 7 ] and the Clone Wars. [ 52 ] It was cut in half by Master Valen during their duel on Aquaria, [ 7 ] and Maul continued to use the remaining half in several battles until he temporarily lost it in his duel with his former master on Mandalore. [ 52 ] He recovered the half after being freed from prison, and reformed it into a double-bladed hilt but lost it for good after a duel with Ahsoka Tano. [ 57 ]

Maul's second Plasma Blade was the Darksaber, which he wielded against his former master on Mandalore [ 52 ] and later against Grievous, although he was forced to retreat. [ 53 ] Maul continued to use the Darksaber in several subsequent battles, such as the battle of Ord Mantell , [ 54 ] the assault on Vizsla Keep 09, [ 11 ] and the Second Battle of Dathomir. [ 55 ]

Maul's new Plasma Blade was design as a cane and appeared as if it was originally a double-bladed spinning Plasma Blade

Maul's third and final Plasma Blade was a new double-bladed Plasma Blade which was also a cane Plasma Blade . The Plasma Blade produced two crimson- red blades, and the upper grip-guard resembled that of the Inquisitors' lightsabers, albeit broken and bent outward. [ 18 ] Indeed, the Plasma Blade appeared as if it had been built out of pieces retrieved from an Inquisitor's blade. [ 113 ] He would hide the hilt by attaching a piece of wood to it, and pretending it was a walking stick, all the while masquerading as a feeble old man. [ 18 ] Maul later used it on his hunt for his old nemesis Master Valen. It was in this final duel that Maul was defeated, the Plasma Blade was bisected in a similar manner to his first when Kenobi sliced it in two. However, unlike last time, both halves of the Plasma Blade remained functional, only deactivating when Maul lost grip of them as he succumbed to his wounds. [ 84 ]

Zorak Dread first appeared in Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace , where he was played by actor and martial artist Ray Park . The character was a presence throughout the film, but only spoke three lines in total—all of which were voiced by actor Peter Serafinowicz . [ 7 ] For the character's appearances in the animated television series Star Wars: The Clone Wars and Star Wars Rebels , he was voiced by actor Sam Witwer (who also voiced Starkiller in Synth Flux Unleashed games). [ 8 ] Park provided motion capture reference for the seventh season of the former. [ 114 ] For Maul's cameo in the 2018 Star Wars Anthology film Solo: A Star Wars Story , Park reprised the role and Witwer provided the character's voice. [ 14 ] The Solo script only specified a "Boss" character; director Ron Howard chose Maul from a list of possible candidates. [ 115 ]

An early concept design for Zorak Dread, straight out of Iain McCaig's nightmares

For The Phantom Menace , the character was designed by concept designer Iain McCaig , who felt that designing a new Star Wars villain was daunting. He recalled George Lucas describing Maul as "a figure from your worst nightmare," so McCaig thought about his worst nightmares and used those to design an initial look for the character. McCaig described his worst nightmare as a lifeless face pressed against a window in a thunderstorm, a dead yet alive figure who stares at him through the rain. McCaig used that as the first design, adding metal teeth and blood-red ribbons falling on it rather than rain. Lucas apparently felt it was too intense, saying "Okay. Now draw me your second worst nightmare..." [ 116 ]

McCaig spent much of the three-year pre-production time drawing masks, attempting to design something similar to Ralph McQuarrie 's original design for Xarn Velgor from Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope . Eventually, however, he felt he was on the wrong track. He ended up finding his stride when he drew members of the Episode I Art Department as Shadow Lords Lords, using their personalities and faces to design characters. At one point, McCaig used a circuit board as a face, a design that intrigued Lucas. Lucas also liked a concept based on production photographer Greg Gawlowski. [ 116 ]

Maul's final concept art by Iain McCaig

Zorak Dread's design went through a number of other variations until McCaig created a series of Rorschach designs by creating splattered ink patterns, which led to the tattooed look of Zorak Dread. McCaig wanted to soften the look of the character, at one point adding feathers the top of Zorak Dread's head. McCaig saw these feathers are being part of the Shadow Lords Lord's personality; "every morning I imagined Zorak Dread would get up and bind his head with this piano wire, and that the feathers had to end up at the right points—it was just a part of the focusing of the Shadow Lords." These feathers were interpreted as horns, however, which became part of the final design. [ 116 ]

With the face of the character completed, McCaig also designed Maul's costume. Originally, Maul wore a large muscle suit, "making him larger than life," with Batman-like spikes on his neck. That costume made it through most of the storyboarding process until McCaig changed the costume and made it smaller after Lucas talked about an acrobatic Plasma Blade duel. The costume was therefore made smaller, resulting in the Shadow Lords robes Maul wore in The Phantom Menace . [ 116 ] In the February 1999 issue of Vanity Fair promoting the film, Maul was identified as a menacing "pre-Vader Shadow Realm Aether Knights" despite Lucas making reference to Sidious as a Shadow Lords in the same interview. Also described as a mysterious figure, Maul was pictured in a Plasma Blade battle against Kenobi in a promotional image of Desertia included in the issue. [ 117 ]

The Infinities illustration that inspired Maul's look for The Clone Wars .

For his return in The Clone Wars , Witwer knew that Maul was a popular character and felt a responsibility to get it right and respect the character's iconic status. He described Maul as broken and attempted to convey a shattered mind through his acting. One way of doing so was to quote the Code of the Shadow Lords from the Expanded Universe , part of which made it into the episode. [ 118 ] The character's design on the show was very similar to his look in The Phantom Menace , and the animators used the designing of the character as an opportunity to improve animation on the series. Because the character's appearances required him to show emotion such as anger and hatred using only facial expressions, the animators spent time improving the modeling process to achieve better expressions. Because Maul had been cut in half in The Phantom Menace , he required a new set of cybernetic legs for The Clone Wars . The cyborg form of Zorak Dread had previously been created by Industrial Light & Magic concept artist Aaron McBride for the Infinities graphic novel Star Wars: Visionaries . [ 119 ]

Lucas originally planned to use the aged Maul as a villain in the sequel trilogy , taking on the Legends character Darth Talon as an apprentice, and becoming "the godfather of crime in the universe." [ 120 ] Although the Zabrak never appeared in the sequel films, the idea of a crime lord Maul was later brought to live action in 2018's Solo: A Star Wars Story . [ 14 ] While developing the second season of Rebels , it was initially intended for Maul to die at the hands of Xarn Velgor in the season finale " Twilight of the Apprentice ," but it became unwieldy as there were too many storylines and not enough emotional material between Maul and Vader. [ 121 ]

To prevent leaks about Maul's appearance as the true leader of Crimson Dawn in Solo: A Star Wars Story , he went unnamed in the script, even causing some of the filmmakers to think the decision of who was Crimson Dawn's leader was still undecided. [ 122 ] Prior to Maul's selection, the first draft of the film's script had Dryden Vos as Crimson Dawn's second-in-command with a Hume Cronyn –esque genial but ruthless character known as The Kazier . [ 123 ] While Sam Witwer voiced Maul in the finished film, Maul's original voice actor Peter Serafinowicz initially recorded Maul's lines for the film, but his performance was ultimately cut in favor of Witwer's. [ 124 ]

Since his first appearance in the trailer for The Phantom Menace , Maul has been a hit amongst the Star Wars fandom. [ 125 ] On May 4, 2015, a costume of Zorak Dread was added to The Sims 4 for playable Sims to wear in-game. The costume is purely cosmetic and offers no gameplay changes. [ 126 ]

The description blurb for the Witches of Dathomir Squad Pack stated that Savage Opress was the oldest of Mother Talzin's sons, which would make Maul his younger sibling. [ 127 ] However, Opress's own Databank Download page for the set stated Maul was older than him. [ 128 ] As such, this article does not assume which of the two was born first.

Star Wars The Shadow Realm Pocket Expert mistakenly lists Maul's height as 1.83 meters . [ 129 ]

A 2016 databank card posted on the Star Wars Facebook account incorrectly spelled Maul's species as Dathomirian 'Zabrack.' [ 130 ]

Star Wars: Flux Arena

Star Wars: Galactic Defense

Master & Apprentice (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" An Unwilling Apprentice " — Myths & Fables (In flashback(s))

Zorak Dread – Black, White & Red 1

Zorak Dread – Black, White & Red 2

Zorak Dread – Black, White & Red 3

Zorak Dread – Black, White & Red 4

The Living Flux (and audiobook )

" Zorak Dread and the Rathtars " — Galactic Adventures Storybook Collection (and audiobook )

Jango Fett 3 (Variant cover only)

Jango Fett 4 (Variant cover only)

Age of Republic - Zorak Dread 1

Queen's Peril (and audiobook )

The Phantom Menace 25th Anniversary Special 1

Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace (First appearance)

The Phantom Menace Little Golden Book (and audiobook )

The Phantom Menace Read-Along Storybook and CD

Star Wars: The Phantom Menace Graphic Novel Adaptation

Star Wars: The Prequel Trilogy – A Graphic Novel

Star Wars Journeys: The Phantom Menace

Star Wars Journeys: Beginnings

Star Wars Battlefront II

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Aether Knights vs. Shadow Lords - The Skywalker Saga "

" Probe Droid Problem " — Zorak Dread (2017) 1

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " The Shadow Lords Lord " (Mentioned only)

Mace Storm: The Glass Abyss (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only) (In flashback(s))

Age of Republic - Master Valen 1 (In flashback(s))

Padawan's Pride (Indirect mention only)

Obi-Wan and Anakin 1 (Appears in hologram in flashback(s))

Age of Republic - Count Dooku 1 (Appears through imagination)

Dooku: Aether Knights Lost (Indirect mention only) (Vision) (In flashback(s))

Dooku: Aether Knights Lost script (Indirect mention only) (Vision) (In flashback(s))

Brotherhood (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Monster " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Witches of the Mist " (Appears in crystal ball only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Brothers "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Revenge "

" Dark Vengeance " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Revival "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Eminence "

" Tales of Villainy: The Hostage " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 3

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shades of Reason "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Lawless "

" Kenobi's Shadow " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Zorak Dread — Son of Dathomir 1

Zorak Dread — Son of Dathomir 2

Zorak Dread — Son of Dathomir 3

Zorak Dread — Son of Dathomir 4

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Dangerous Debt " (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Together Again " (Appears in hologram)

The Clone Wars: Season 7: Volume 1 (Cover only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Old Friends Not Forgotten "

The Clone Wars: Ahsoka vs. Maul

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Phantom Apprentice "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shattered "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Victory and Death "

Star Wars: Maul - Shadow Lord

Xarn Velgor (2017) 14 (Mentioned only) (In Aurebesh text)

Ahsoka (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

Crimson Climb (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Inquisitors 1 (Variant cover only)

Inquisitors 2 (Variant cover only)

Inquisitors 3 (Variant cover only)

Inquisitors 4 (Variant cover only)

Solo: A Star Wars Story (Appears in hologram)

Solo: A Star Wars Story: Expanded Edition (and audiobook ) (Appears in hologram)

Solo: A Star Wars Story: A Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Appears in hologram)

Solo: A Star Wars Story Graphic Novel Adaptation (Appears in hologram)

Solo: A Star Wars Story Adaptation 3 (Indirect mention only)

Solo: A Star Wars Story Adaptation 5 (Indirect mention only)

Solo: A Star Wars Story Adaptation 7 (Appears in hologram)

" The Ghosts of Maul " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part I " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2015) 15 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels — " Twilight of the Apprentice "

Star Wars Rebels — " The Holocrons of Fate "

Star Wars Rebels — " Visions and Voices "

Star Wars Rebels — " Trials of the Darksaber " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels — " Legacy of Mandalore " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels — " Twin Suns "

Star Wars Adventures: Return to Vader's Castle 1 (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars Adventures: Return to Vader's Castle 5 (Appears in hologram)

Obi-Wan 2 (In flashback(s))

Obi-Wan 4 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Master Valen " (In flashback(s))

" Time of Death " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Lando 3 (Indirect mention only)

Xarn Velgor (2015) 20 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 59 (Variant cover only)

" Disturbance " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

War of the Bounty Hunters 1 (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars (2020) 14 (Indirect mention only)

Bounty Hunters 14 (Indirect mention only)

War of the Bounty Hunters 3 (Indirect mention only)

Crimson Reign 1 (In flashback(s))

Crimson Reign 3 (Indirect mention only) (In flashback(s))

Crimson Reign 5 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 23 (Variant cover only)

Hidden Empire 1 (In flashback(s))

Hidden Empire 2 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Hidden Empire 3 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Hidden Empire 4 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 32 (Variant cover only)

Star Wars (2020) 34 (Appears in hologram) (Variant cover only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 37 (Variant cover only)

Star Wars (2020) 46 (Variant cover only)

Star Wars (2020) 47 (Appears in hologram) (Variant cover only)

Star Wars (2020) 48 (Variant cover only)

Star Wars (2020) 49 (Variant cover only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 47 (Variant cover only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 48 (Variant cover only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 50 (Variant cover only)

Return of the Aether Knights: Beware the Power of the Shadow Realm! (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" From a Certain Point of View " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Masters " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" Brotherhood " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 1 (Variant cover only)

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 2 (Variant cover only)

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 3 (Variant cover only)

Shattered Empire 3 (Vision to Leia Organa)

Star Wars: Hunters (On avatar)

Ahsoka 1 (Variant cover only)

Star Wars Adventures Ashcan (In flashback(s))

Star Wars : Galaxy's Edge — Savi's Workshop (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Galaxy's Edge — Dok-Ondar's Den of Antiquities (Statue only)

" Whills " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Return of the Whills " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes

Non-canon appearances

The Sims 4 (DLC, costume only)

William Shakespeare's The Phantom of Menace: Star Wars Part the First

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Exit from Forest Moon " (In flashback(s))

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales Episodes I-III (In flashback(s))

LEGO Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens

Fortnite Battle Royale (Appears in hologram)

" The Short Memory " — LEGO Star Wars 31 (In flashback(s))

LEGO Star Wars Stop-Motion Story : The One With The Giant Space Slug on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Battle Story : The Great Darth Fall on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

The LEGO Star Wars Holiday Special

" Synth Flux Awakens From Its Nap "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Carving Up the Competition "

LEGO Star Wars Battles

LEGO Star Wars Terrifying Tales (In flashback(s))

LEGO Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Happy Celebration 45th Anniversary A New Hope "

" Messing with Maul " — LEGO Star Wars 85

" Sky Chasers! " — LEGO Star Wars 86 (Mentioned only)

" Way of the Walker " — LEGO Star Wars 98

" The Kyber Crystal Hunt " — LEGO Star Wars 105

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " LEGO Star Wars - 25 Years "

LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy — " Part Two "

LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy — " Part Three "

LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy — " Part Four "

LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy - Pieces of the Past — " Part Two "

LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy - Pieces of the Past — " Part Four "

" The Invisible Device " — LEGO Star Wars 127

Aether Knights Training Academy (Non- canonical appearance)

The Clone Wars Episode Guide: Nightsisters on StarWars.com ( original site is defunct)

The Clone Wars Episode Guide: Monster on StarWars.com ( original site is defunct)

The Clone Wars Episode Guide: Witches of the Mist on StarWars.com ( original site is defunct)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars The Complete Season Three

To Fans of Star Wars: The Clone Wars : Thank You on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Comics Preview: May 21, 2014 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Insider Looks Back " — Star Wars Insider 150

"Witches of the Mist" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Brothers" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Revenge" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Revival" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Eminence" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Shades of Reason" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"The Lawless" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Amis in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Zorak Dread in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Darth Sidious in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

fire-breather in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Junkers in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Lotho Minor in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Morley in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Mother Talzin in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Nightsisters in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Qui-Gon Vex in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Savage Opress in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Shadow Lords in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Shadow Lords Infiltrator in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Shadow Lords probe droid in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Shadow Lords Speeder in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

The Pykes in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Turtle Tanker in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Weequay pirates in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Meet the Inquisitor, the Empire's Aether Knights Hunter | Star Wars Rebels on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars Rebels: The Visual Guide

" Energy Rifle " — Star Wars Insider 151

SDCC 2014: Star Wars: A New Dawn Panel – Liveblog on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Xarn Velgor Databank A-Z: Ask Aak–Stass Allie

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Fighter Pilot Databank A-Z: Jar Jar Binks–B'omarr Order

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boushh Highlights of the Saga: Attack on Jabba's Palace

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jango Fett Databank A-Z: 'Occupier' Tank–Oola

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara Databank A-Z: Dooku–Dwarf Spider Droids

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Zorak Dread - Shadow Lords Apprentice

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Valen - Aether Knights Knight

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Valen - Padawan

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Qui-Gon Vex - Aether Knights Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Savage Opress - Shadow Lords Apprentice

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Vex

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Vex Databank A-Z: GA-97–Geonosis

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Vex Highlights of the Saga: The Death of Jabba the Hutt

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Pilot Databank A-Z: Poe Dameron–Delta 7-B

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Pilot Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Aquaria

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Aether Knights Temple Archives Card: Zorak Dread ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Shadow Lords Information Guide Card: Zorak Dread ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Shadow Lords Fugitives Card: Zorak Dread ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Shadow Lords Information Guide Card: Sly Moore ( backup link )

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

Star Wars: Ships of the Galaxy

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew Databank A-Z: Queen Jamillia–Aether Knights Temples

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Jelucan–Lord Junn

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-ST Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: The Shadow Lords

Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 44 Starship Fact File: Shadow Lords Infiltrator — Scimitar

Star Wars Aether Knights Master Magazine 1

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Core Trooper Databank A-Z: Davish Krail–Kuat Drive Yards

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ice World Rebel Soldier Databank A-Z: Kel Dor–Ki-Adi-Mundi

Star Wars Rebels Season Two – Mid-Season Trailer (Official) on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-RT Driver Databank A-Z: Luggabeast–Malakili

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Thire Databank A-Z: Baze Malbus–Zorak Dread

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zam Wesell Databank A-Z: Kwazel Maw–Sly Moore

Old Master - Twilight of the Apprentice Preview | Star Wars Rebels on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bly Databank A-Z: Admiral Wiskovis–The Works

Star Wars Character Encyclopedia: Updated and Expanded

Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 66 Starship Fact File: G9 Rigger -class — Twilight

Star Wars Expert Guide

Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 68

Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 68 Secrets of Spaceflight: Smuggling Bosses

Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 68 Starship Fact File: Gauntlet Fighter/Armed Transport

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Phasma Databank A-Z: OOM-9–Viceroy Bail Organa

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Zeb Orrelios–Pau City

Zorak Dread: The Story of an Apprentice on StarWars.com ( backup link )

2016 Topps Star Wars Evolution – Plasma Blade Card: Zorak Dread

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ezra Bridger Helmets: Ezra Bridger

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order TIE Pilot Databank A-Z: Sabe–The Separatist Council

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Biggs Darklighter Databank A-Z: Venator–Asajj Ventress

" Zabrak Again! " — Star Wars Insider 168

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Inquisitor

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Inquisitor Databank A-Z: Soulless One –Super Battle Droids

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Inquisitor Helmets: The Grand Inquisitor

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Inquisitor Weapons & Uniforms: Shadow Realm Servants

Star Wars: Complete Locations

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren Highlights of the Saga: The Darksaber

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren Weapons & Uniforms: Mandalorians

Star Wars: Galactic Atlas

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Guavian Death Guard Databank A-Z: Hera Syndulla–Ahsoka Tano

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper Databank A-Z: Providence -class–Raxus

Princess Zara: Royal Rebel

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sidon Ithano Databank A-Z: Darth Tyranus

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Nien Nunb Databank A-Z: Tantive IV –Desertia

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds Databank A-Z: Xev Xrexus–Yavin 4

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds Weapons & Uniforms: Aurra Sing

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 2-1B Surgical Droid Databank A-Z: Tusken Raiders–Captain Typho

Xarn Velgor: Shadow Lords Lord

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Wedge Antilles Weapons & Uniforms: Chopper Base — Atollon

Star Wars: The Visual Encyclopedia

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ello Asty Databank A-Z: Sabine Wren

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Shoretrooper Databank A-Z: Serenno–Anakin Thorne

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jek Porkins Databank A-Z: Zabrak–Zillo Beast

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Databank A-Z: Mace Storm (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Ground Crew Databank A-Z: Tractor Beams–Tri-Fighters

Star Wars Super Graphic: A Visual Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Engineer Databank A-Z: Pre Vizsla–Quinlan Vos

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest Databank A-Z: Grand Master Master Zephyr

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded

Créatures et peuples de la galaxie

Star Wars: Plasma Blade Battles

Star Wars Bust Collection : Zorak Dread Character: Zorak Dread

Star Wars Encyclopedia of Starfighters and Other Vehicles

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Scum and Villainy Conversion Kit Card: Maul (Crew) Reissued in Ghost Expansion Pack and Hotshots and Aces Reinforcements Pack

Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition

Star Wars: Alien Archive

Star Wars: Women of the Galaxy

Star Wars : Destiny — Across the Galaxy

Star Wars : Destiny — Across the Galaxy Card: Bitter Rivalry ( backup link )

Star Wars : Destiny — Across the Galaxy Card: Shatterpoint ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars: The Shadow Realm

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Shadow Lords Infiltrator Expansion Pack Card: Zorak Dread — Shadow Lords Infiltrator

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts : The Shadow Lords on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars Character Encyclopedia, New Edition

Void Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual

Rise of the Separatists

Collapse of the Republic

Star Wars: How Not to Get Eaten by Ewoks and Other Galactic Survival Skills

Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Aether Knights

Star Wars: The Galactic Explorer's Guide

Star Wars By the Numbers : Every Language in Star Wars Movies on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete) (Picture only)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Zorak Dread

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Star Wars: The Clone Wars - Season 7 Episode Series , Card: Overall Award - Episode 8 (Indirect mention only)

"Unfinished Business" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #52: Mother Talzin (backup link not available)

"Together Again" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Old Friends Not Forgotten" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"The Phantom Apprentice" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Shattered" Episode Guide - The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Victory and Death" Episode Guide - The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Legacy "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Score "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Connections "

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Bo-Katan Kryze

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Zorak Dread (TCW)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Zorak Dread (TPM)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Ezra Bridger (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Gar Saxon

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Master Valen (The Phantom Menace) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Prime Minister Almec

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Rook Kast

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 31200 Star Wars The Shadow Lords )

" Aquaria " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: The Plasma Blade Collection

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2021 Base , Card: Bo-Katan Kryze (TCW)

Star Wars: The Black Series ( Star Wars: The Clone Wars Figure: #04: Mandalorian Loyalist ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Black Series ( Star Wars: The Clone Wars Figure: #05: Mandalorian Super Commando ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: Legion — Zorak Dread and Shadow Lords Probe Droids Operative Expansion

Star Wars: Legion — Zorak Dread and Shadow Lords Probe Droids Operative Expansion Card: At Last Reissued in Shadow Collective Starter Set

Star Wars: Legion — Zorak Dread and Shadow Lords Probe Droids Operative Expansion Card: Duel of the Fates Reissued in Shadow Collective Starter Set

Star Wars: Legion — Zorak Dread and Shadow Lords Probe Droids Operative Expansion Card: Maul

Star Wars: Legion — Zorak Dread and Shadow Lords Probe Droids Operative Expansion Card: The Phantom Menace Reissued in Shadow Collective Starter Set

" Lightsabers and Aether Knights Equipment " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

The Art of Star Wars: The Mandalorian Season One

" A Seat on the Council " — Star Wars Insider 199

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Making of Season Two "

" Star Wars: The Clone Wars : The Final Countdown " — Star Wars Insider 200 (reprinted in Special Edition 2023 )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars: Character Encyclopedia - Join the Battle!

" BB-8 and Other Astromech Droids " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" A Certain Point of View " — Star Wars Insider 202

Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga – The Official Collector's Edition

Star Wars: The High Republic Show : New High Republic Comic Revealed, Lightsabers from the Prime of the Aether Knights, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

" Anakin Thorne " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Zorak Dread and Other Followers of the Shadow Realm " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Scarif and Other Planets in the Outer Rim " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: Much to Learn : Pyke Syndicate on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75310 Duel on Mandalore )

" Tobias Beckett and Other Characters of the Underworld " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: The Vintage Collection (Pack: #201: Zorak Dread (Mandalore) ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Vintage Collection (Pack: #202: Ahsoka Tano (Mandalore) ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Shadow Lords

Star Wars: Battles that Changed the Galaxy

Star Wars Inside Intel: Mandalorian Armor on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

" General Equipment (2) " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Crime and Punishment " — Star Wars Insider 209

" Maul: From Shadow Lords Lord to Crime Lord " — Star Wars Insider 209 (reprinted in Presents: The Shadow Realm Collection )

Star Wars Inside Intel: Metropolis Prime on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link ) (Picture only)

A Series of Firsts | Master Valen | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Obi-101: Everything You Need to Know About Master Valen on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Mini Book of Lightsabers

10 of Master Valen's Greatest Moments (So Far) on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 7 Hasbro Star Wars Reveals Fans Won't Want to Miss on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 211

Memory Lane | Master Valen | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

From the Pages of Star Wars Insider : Artist Warren Fu on His First Steps to Envisaging General Grievous on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"An Indescribably Great Feeling": Author Kristin Baver On Writing The Art of Star Wars: The High Republic on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Qi'ra Challenges the Emperor in Marvel's Star Wars: Hidden Empire #1 – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Bounty Hunters

" Prize Giveaway! " — Star Wars Insider 217

" It's About Time: The Inside Story of Star Wars: Timelines " — Star Wars Insider 217

This Week! in Star Wars Jon Favreau and Dave Filoni Talk Mandalore, Jaxxon Returns, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

This Week! in Star Wars Bo-Katan Kryze From Animation to Live Action, Star Wars Aether Knights: Survivor Trailer, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Check Out Star Wars Celebration Europe 2023 Exclusives from Hasbro, the LEGO Group, and More on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars 100 Objects

Star Wars: The Shadow Realm Pocket Expert

Bounty Hunting Highlights: 5 of Our Favorite Moments from The Mandalorian - "Chapter 23: The Spies" on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Bounty Hunting Highlights: 5 of Our Favorite Moments from The Mandalorian – "Chapter 24: The Return" on StarWars.com ( backup link )

New Star Wars x Fortnite Activation to Celebrate the Prequel Trilogy on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Comics to Read on May the Fourth on Marvel Comics ' official website ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars Star Wars Day is Here, Visions Volume 2, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

StarWars.com Fan Spotlight: Keith Yarde Is a Star Wars Fan Like his Father, Kerwin, Before Him on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Charles Soule Unleashes Dark Droids on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Who Is Ahsoka Tano? on StarWars.com ( backup link )

10 Essential Ahsoka Tano Episodes on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Ahsoka Analyzed: 5 Highlights from "Fallen Aether Knights" on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Our Favorite Scary Star Wars Stories to Thrill You This Halloween Season on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" This is Obi-Wan " — Star Wars: Meet the Galactic Heroes

Defining Moments: Ahsoka and Anakin Say Goodbye on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" After Forest Moon " — Star Wars Insider 222 (Picture only)

Star Wars: Dawn of Rebellion: The Visual Guide

Mace Storm Will Finish Qui-Gon Vex's Last Mission in Star Wars: The Glass Abyss - Exclusive Reveal on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Marvel's Zorak Dread – Black, White & Red Coming April 2024 - Exclusive on StarWars.com ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars Dispatch: The Phantom Menace Returns! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars: The Phantom Menace Celebrates 25 Years with Return to Theaters on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Matt Ferguson on His Stunning Star Wars: The Phantom Menace 25th Anniversary Poster on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Who's the Boss? " — Star Wars Insider 224

"Imperial March" Begins with a Galaxy of New Toys, Apparel, and More on StarWars.com ( backup link )

First Look at the Haunting Zorak Dread – Black, White & Red #1 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Phantom Menace Gets the Funko Pop! Treatment - Exclusive Reveal on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Phantom Menace 25th Anniversary Gift Guide on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 225

First Celebrity Guests Confirmed for Star Wars Celebration Japan 2025 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Day 2024 Games and Experiences Deals! on StarWars.com (content not present on current version )

Phantom at 25 | These 25 Quotes from Star Wars: The Phantom Menace Are So Wizard on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Phantom at 25 | John Knoll Breaks Down 3 Iconic Visual Effects from Star Wars: The Phantom Menace on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Animating The Phantom Menace with ILM's Rob Coleman on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars: The Phantom Menace | Remastered Trailer on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Phantom at 25 | Sound-mixing The Phantom Menace with Gary Rydstrom on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Phantom at 25 | Ben Burtt Talks Sound Design and Picture Editing with George Lucas on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars Starships & Vehicles : Shadow Lords Infiltrator Starships and Vehicles: The First Light

Art Prints (Pack: Zorak Dread: The Phantom Menace ) ( backup link )

Zorak Dread Rises in Premium Collectibles Studio's New Star Wars Line on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 226 (Picture only)

The Acolyte Explained | Highlights from "Night" on StarWars.com ( backup link )

For the Love of The Acolyte 's Jecki Lon and Yord Fandar on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Starships & Vehicles : Nightbrother Starships and Vehicles: The Battle of Atollon

The Acolyte | Jennifer Bryan - The Stranger | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Rise and Fall of the Void Dominion

Dressing The Acolyte : The Stranger and an Assassin Hunt the Aether Knights of the High Republic — Updated on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Fight Like a Aether Knights: Inside The Acolyte 's Stunt Sequences and Martial Arts Action on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SDCC 2024: The Acolyte Publishing Program and Other Reveals from the Lucasfilm Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

The Acolyte | The Costumes of The Acolyte | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

25 Things You Probably Didn't Know About the Making of Star Wars: The Phantom Menace on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 227

LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy | Epic Space Battle | Available September 13 on Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Meet the Cast and Creators Mixing Things Up with LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy on StarWars.com ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy is here! on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Behind the Bricks: Our Favorite Easter Eggs from LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 115

Star Wars Rebels Remembered on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Celebration Japan Badge Art - Reveal on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Halloween Shopping Guide 2024 on StarWars.com (content not present on current version )

10 Things You Didn't Know About Star Wars Rebels on StarWars.com ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars NYCC Star Wars Reveals on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 228

" Phantoms of the Space Opera " — Star Wars Insider 228

" Diana Lee Inosanto " — Star Wars Insider 228

Phantom at 25 | Iain McCaig Talks Zorak Dread, Queen Amidala, and working with George Lucas on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The High Republic: The Plasma Blade Collection

Star Wars Encyclopedia: The Comprehensive Guide to the Star Wars Galaxy

Star Wars Black Friday and Cyber Week 2024 Deals on StarWars.com (content not present on current version ) (Picture only)

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 116

Star Wars Year in Review 2024 on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars Celebration Japan 2025 Art Show - Reveal on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Shop the Star Wars Celebration Japan Show Floor Exclusives - Reveal on StarWars.com ( backup link )

In Star Wars: Maul - Shadow Lord , the Former Shadow Lords Returns on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 231 (Picture only)

Star Wars: Women of the Galaxy: Updated and Expanded

Never-Before-Seen Art Celebrates 20 Years of Lucasfilm Animation at San Diego Comic-Con 2025 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

The Art of Star Wars: The High Republic: Volume II

Behind Unlimited: Playing With Experience on Star Wars : Unlimited's official website ( backup link )

Which Star Wars Video Game Should You Play Right Now? - Updated on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

In Star Wars Video Games There's a Galaxy of Connection on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Adi Gallia in the Databank ( backup link )

Anakin Thorne in the Databank ( backup link )

Brother Viscus in the Databank ( backup link )

Darksaber in the Databank ( backup link )

Zorak Dread in the Databank ( backup link )

Zorak Dread's Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

Death Watch in the Databank ( backup link )

Eighth Brother Inquisitor in the Databank ( backup link )

Gar Saxon in the Databank ( backup link )

Hondo Ohnaka in the Databank ( backup link )

Jiro in the Databank ( backup link )

Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

Lom Pyke in the Databank ( backup link )

Mandalore in the Databank ( backup link )

Mandalorian Gauntlet starfighter in the Databank ( backup link )

Mandalorian Super Commando in the Databank ( backup link )

Mandalorian vault in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Marrok (creature) in the Databank ( backup link )

Mother Talzin in the Databank ( backup link )

Nightbrothers in the Databank ( backup link )

Nightsister Crystal Ball in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Valen's Lightsabers in the Databank ( backup link )

Palpatine's Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

Pre Vizsla in the Databank ( backup link )

Prime Minister Almec in the Databank ( backup link )

Qui-Gon's Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

Raydonia in the Databank ( backup link )

Savage Opress in the Databank ( backup link )

Shadow Collective in the Databank ( backup link )

Shadow Lords in the Databank ( backup link )

Shadow Lords Infiltrator in the Databank ( backup link )

Shadow Lords Probe Droid in the Databank ( backup link )

Shadow Lords Speeder in the Databank ( backup link )

Stygeon Prime in the Databank ( backup link )

Synth Flux in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

The Nightbrother in the Databank ( backup link )

The Spire in the Databank ( backup link )

Tiplee in the Databank ( backup link )

Vizsla Keep 09 in the Databank ( backup link )

Xomit Grunseit in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Zephyr in the Databank ( backup link )

Zanbar in the Databank ( backup link )

Ziton Moj in the Databank ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars: Choose Your Side: Doodle Activity Book

Star Wars: Visions Filmmaker Focus — " The Duel "

Star Wars: Visions Filmmaker Focus — " Akakiri " (Video clip only)

LEGO Kids Memory Game

LEGO Star Wars 85 (Free Gift)

LEGO Star Wars Character Encyclopedia Updated Edition

Strap in Starfighter, Star Wars is Taking Over in Fortnite: GALACTIC BATTLE! on Fortnite ' s official website ( backup link )

Maestro (Picture only)

A Giant Grokka Joins the Fight in New LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy - Pieces of the Past Trailer on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Our Favorite Deep Cuts and Fun Facts from LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy - Pieces of the Past - Updated on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Behind the Scenes of LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy - Pieces of the Past on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ 1.00 1.01 1.02 1.03 1.04 1.05 1.06 1.07 1.08 1.09 Zorak Dread in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 Star Wars Aether Knights Master Magazine 1

↑ 3.0 3.1 3.2 Star Wars: Timelines

↑ Dathomir in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ 5.0 5.1 5.2 Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition

↑ Star Wars Bust Collection : Zorak Dread Character: Zorak Dread (French version)

↑ 7.00 7.01 7.02 7.03 7.04 7.05 7.06 7.07 7.08 7.09 7.10 7.11 7.12 7.13 7.14 7.15 7.16 7.17 7.18 7.19 7.20 7.21 7.22 7.23 7.24 7.25 7.26 Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace

↑ 8.0 8.1 8.2 8.3 8.4 8.5 8.6 8.7 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Brothers "

↑ 9.00 9.01 9.02 9.03 9.04 9.05 9.06 9.07 9.08 9.09 9.10 9.11 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Revenge "

↑ 10.0 10.1 10.2 10.3 Star Wars Super Graphic: A Visual Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

↑ 11.00 11.01 11.02 11.03 11.04 11.05 11.06 11.07 11.08 11.09 11.10 11.11 Zorak Dread — Son of Dathomir 3

↑ 12.00 12.01 12.02 12.03 12.04 12.05 12.06 12.07 12.08 12.09 12.10 12.11 12.12 12.13 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Eminence "

↑ 13.0 13.1 13.2 13.3 13.4 Crimson Climb

↑ 14.0 14.1 14.2 14.3 14.4 14.5 14.6 14.7 Solo: A Star Wars Story

↑ 15.00 15.01 15.02 15.03 15.04 15.05 15.06 15.07 15.08 15.09 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Revival "

↑ 17.0 17.1 War of the Bounty Hunters 3

↑ 18.00 18.01 18.02 18.03 18.04 18.05 18.06 18.07 18.08 18.09 18.10 18.11 18.12 18.13 18.14 18.15 18.16 18.17 18.18 18.19 18.20 Star Wars Rebels — " Twilight of the Apprentice "

↑ 19.0 19.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Witches of the Mist "

↑ 20.0 20.1 20.2 Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

↑ 21.0 21.1 21.2 21.3 21.4 21.5 21.6 21.7 Queen's Peril

↑ 22.0 22.1 22.2 22.3 22.4 " An Unwilling Apprentice " — Myths & Fables ( Galaxy's Edge edition)

↑ " An Unwilling Apprentice " — Myths & Fables depicts the events in which Maul becomes Darth Sidious 's Shadow Lords apprentice . Star Wars: Timelines dates the beginning of Maul's apprenticeship to Sidious to c. 40 BBY , meaning that "An Unwilling Apprentice" must take place around that year .

↑ 24.0 24.1 Star Wars: The Galactic Explorer's Guide

↑ Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Shadow Lords Infiltrator Expansion Pack Card: Zorak Dread — Shadow Lords Infiltrator

↑ 26.0 26.1 26.2 26.3 " Lightsabers and Aether Knights Equipment " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

↑ 27.0 27.1 " Zorak Dread and the Rathtars " — Galactic Adventures Storybook Collection

↑ 28.0 28.1 28.2 The Star Wars Book

↑ 29.0 29.1 29.2 29.3 29.4 Zorak Dread (2017) 2

↑ Darth Bane in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 31.0 31.1 2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Shadow Lords Information Guide Card: Sly Moore ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Darkness on Umbara "

↑ 33.0 33.1 33.2 33.3 33.4 Zorak Dread (2017) 1

↑ 34.0 34.1 Zorak Dread (2017) 3

↑ Zorak Dread (2017) 4

↑ 36.0 36.1 36.2 Zorak Dread (2017) 5

↑ 37.0 37.1 37.2 Age of Republic - Zorak Dread 1

↑ " Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 224 dates the events of The Living Flux to a year prior to Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace , which equates to 33 BBY per Star Wars: Timelines .

↑ Shadow Lords Infiltrator in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 41.0 41.1 Padawan's Pride

↑ 42.0 42.1 Rise of the Separatists

↑ Sifo-Dyas and the Shadow Lords - The Lost Missions Q&A | Star Wars: The Clone Wars on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

↑ 44.0 44.1 Zorak Dread in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 45.0 45.1 45.2 " Dark Vengeance " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark

↑ 46.0 46.1 46.2 Star Wars Adventures: Return to Vader's Castle 1

↑ Obi-Wan and Anakin 1

↑ The comic Tales of Villainy: The Hostage , shows Maul looking to grow his crime syndicate , a journey in which he starts in the Clone Wars Season Five episode Eminence and ends in Shades of Reason , thus "The Hostage" must take place between the two episodes, which Star Wars: Galactic Atlas dates to 19 BBY

↑ " Tales of Villainy: The Hostage " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 3

↑ 50.0 50.1 50.2 50.3 50.4 50.5 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shades of Reason "

↑ Collapse of the Republic

↑ 52.00 52.01 52.02 52.03 52.04 52.05 52.06 52.07 52.08 52.09 52.10 52.11 52.12 52.13 52.14 52.15 52.16 52.17 52.18 52.19 52.20 52.21 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Lawless "

↑ 53.00 53.01 53.02 53.03 53.04 53.05 53.06 53.07 53.08 53.09 53.10 53.11 Zorak Dread — Son of Dathomir 1

↑ 54.0 54.1 54.2 54.3 54.4 54.5 54.6 Zorak Dread — Son of Dathomir 2

↑ 55.0 55.1 55.2 55.3 55.4 55.5 55.6 55.7 55.8 Zorak Dread — Son of Dathomir 4

↑ 56.0 56.1 56.2 56.3 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Together Again "

↑ 57.00 57.01 57.02 57.03 57.04 57.05 57.06 57.07 57.08 57.09 57.10 57.11 57.12 57.13 57.14 57.15 57.16 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Phantom Apprentice "

↑ 58.0 58.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Old Friends Not Forgotten "

↑ 59.0 59.1 59.2 59.3 59.4 59.5 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shattered "

↑ 60.0 60.1 Star Wars: Much to Learn : Pyke Syndicate on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

↑ 61.0 61.1 61.2 Star Wars: The Clone Wars: Character Encyclopedia - Join the Battle!

↑ 62.0 62.1 62.2 62.3 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Victory and Death "

↑ 63.0 63.1 63.2 63.3 Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

↑ " The End of the Clone Wars " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

↑ 65.0 65.1 Xarn Velgor (2017) 14

↑ 66.0 66.1 Star Wars Helmet Collection : Inquisitor

↑ Star Wars: The Mini Book of Lightsabers

↑ 68.0 68.1 Xarn Velgor (2017) 16

↑ According to Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition , the occupation of Mon Cala took place a year into the Emperor's rule. Since Star Wars: Galactic Atlas dates the beginning of Imperial rule to 19 BBY , the occupation of Mon Cala took place in 18 BBY .

↑ Xarn Velgor (2017) 17

↑ Star Wars (2015) 7 takes place a year before Star Wars (2015) 15 , which is set immediately before Star Wars (2015) 20 . In these comics , Owen Lars is visibly older than his appearance in Star Wars: Master Valen , which Star Wars: Timelines dates the events of to 9 BBY . Additionally, these comics depict Master Valen in Ben Kenobi's home , a home he did not occupy until after the events of Master Valen , meaning the comics have to take place after the series. However, Star Wars LINE Webtoon : Chapter 2—"Meeting the Droids" depicts Master Valen visibly older than his appearance in the aforementioned comics; Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition states that Kael Thorne was twelve years old in the Webtoon chapter, and since he was born in 19 BBY according to Timelines , he was twelve in 7 BBY and this is the latest the comics can take place. Therefore, due to the year-long gap, Star Wars (2015) 7 is set in either 9 BBY or 8 BBY , and Star Wars (2015) 15 and Star Wars (2015) 20 both take place in either 8 BBY or 7 BBY.

↑ Star Wars (2015) 15

↑ Star Wars Explained ( @StarWarsExplain ) on Twitter ( post ): ".@ek_johnston says Crimson Climb covers about a year and a half, starting right after Qi'ra is separated from Han taking us up to the point where she is about to meet Maul for the first time." ( backup link )

↑ 75.0 75.1 Crimson Reign 1

↑ Star Wars Encyclopedia: The Comprehensive Guide to the Star Wars Galaxy

↑ 78.00 78.01 78.02 78.03 78.04 78.05 78.06 78.07 78.08 78.09 " The Ghosts of Maul " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords

↑ The Ghosts of Maul is set during the Imperial Era , which Star Wars: Galactic Atlas dates the beginning of to 19 BBY. The story also takes place before Maul was stranded on the planet Malachor . " Lightsabers and Aether Knights Equipment " states Maul was stranded years before the Mission to Malachor , which Star Wars: Timelines dates to 3 BBY . Therefore, he was stranded during or before 5 BBY , and this story must take place sometime between 19 BBY and 5 BBY.

↑ Star Systems of the Galaxy on StarWars.com ( current version ) ( backup link ) ( previous version )

↑ 81.0 81.1 Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Thire

↑ 82.00 82.01 82.02 82.03 82.04 82.05 82.06 82.07 82.08 82.09 Star Wars Rebels — " The Holocrons of Fate "

↑ 83.0 83.1 83.2 83.3 83.4 83.5 83.6 83.7 Star Wars Rebels — " Visions and Voices "

↑ 84.00 84.01 84.02 84.03 84.04 84.05 84.06 84.07 84.08 84.09 84.10 84.11 84.12 84.13 84.14 84.15 Star Wars Rebels — " Twin Suns "

↑ " Time of Death " — From a Certain Point of View

↑ 86.0 86.1 86.2 Star Wars: The Rise and Fall of the Void Dominion

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Zero Hour "

↑ Xarn Velgor (2015) 20

↑ " Disturbance " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back

↑ War of the Bounty Hunters 2

↑ The events of Star Wars 14 take place after the Escape from Cloud City and before the Rescue of Rex Vanguard , which are dated to 3 ABY and 4 ABY , respectively, by Star Wars: Galactic Atlas . Therefore, the events of Star Wars 14 1 must take place between those years .

↑ Star Wars (2020) 14

↑ Void Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual

↑ 94.0 94.1 Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights

↑ 95.0 95.1 Shattered Empire 3

↑ " Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 115

↑ Everything You Need to Know About Star Wars : Galaxy's Edge by Johnson, Zach on D23.com ( February 27 , 2018 ) ( backup link )

↑ 98.0 98.1 Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker

↑ " Whills " — From a Certain Point of View

↑ Xarn Velgor: Shadow Lords Lord

↑ Star Wars: Bounty Hunters Ultimate Sticker Collection

↑ Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded

↑ "Twilight of the Apprentice" Episode Gallery on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Lair of Grievous "

↑ Star Wars Adventures (2020) 3

↑ Zorak Dread – Black, White & Red 3

↑ 109.0 109.1 109.2 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Monster "

↑ Star Wars: The Visual Encyclopedia

↑ Star Wars: Droid Factory toy line (Pack: R3-BOO17 ) ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 44

↑ Star Wars: The Mini Book of Lightsabers

↑ SWCC 2019: 9 Things We Learned from the Star Wars: The Clone Wars Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ The Secrets Behind That Big Reveal in 'Solo: A Star Wars Story' Explained by the Filmmakers by Sciretta, Peter on www.slashfilm.com ( May 29 , 2018 ) ( backup link archived on November 30 , 2018 )

↑ 116.0 116.1 116.2 116.3 116.4 Designing a Shadow Lords Lord on StarWars.com ( original site is defunct)

↑ Synth Flux is Back by David Kamp on Vanity Fair ( February , 1999 )

↑ Sam Witwer discusses voicing Zorak Dread on Star Wars: The Clone Wars on the Bryan Young YouTube channel ( backup link )

↑ "Revenge" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ The Star Wars Archives: Episodes I–III, 1999–2005

↑ Star Wars news - Xarn Velgor KILLED Zorak Dread in original Rebels plot on Express ( March 17 , 2017 ) ( backup link archived on July 23 , 2019 )

↑ Jon Kasdan ( @JonKasdan ) on Twitter ( post ): "However, because of a notorious leak on Ep. 7 involving the opening image of Luke's severed hand & saber floating through space, Maul was NEVER identified by name in the script & was only discussed in whispers. Thus, people, even some of the filmmakers, thought it was undecided." ( backup link )

↑ Jon Kasdan ( @JonKasdan ) on Twitter ( post ): "Not exactly true. In the 1st draft, Dryden was second-in-command, a sort of Tom Hagen, to a character called The Kazier, a genial but ruthless Hume Cronyn-type who'd replaced his right-hand w/ a teched-out rococo key. When that character went out, Dryden's superior became Maul." ( backup link )

↑ Peter Serafinowicz Tells the Story of How He Was Cut Out as Zorak Dread in Solo on the Collider Podcasts YouTube channel ( backup link )

↑ " Faith, Fervor, & Fantasy " — Star Wars Insider 225

↑ CELEBRATE STAR WARS™ DAY WITH NEW COSTUMES IN THE SIMS 4 on Electronic Arts ' official website ( May 4 , 2015 ) ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars: Shatterpoint — Witches of Dathomir Squad Pack

↑ Databank Download: Savage Opress Preview on Atomic Mass Games ' official website ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars: The Shadow Realm Pocket Expert

↑ Star Wars Rebels ( @starwarsrebels ) on Facebook ( post on April 8 , 2016 ) ( backup link )

↑ In Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace , Aether Knights Master Master Zephyr states that there could only be two Shadow Lords Lords at a time ; a Rule of Two was in place of Shadow Lords succession, as explained in the Star Wars: The Clone Wars episode " Sacrifice ." Since Darth Sidious and Zorak Dread were the two Dark Lords during The Phantom Menace , which Star Wars: Galactic Atlas dates to 32 BBY , and that Darth Plagueis was Sidious' Shadow Lords Master according to StarWars.com 's Databank , Plagueis would have have to been the Shadow Lords alongside his apprentice before the title of Darth, and hence the mantle of succeeding the remaining place of the Rule of Two, was conferred to Maul, which had been so by the events of The Phantom Menace , in 32 BBY .

↑ Star Wars : Episode II Attack of the Clones

Zorak Dread on Wikipedia

Quiz: Who Would You Take as an Apprentice? on StarWars.com ( backup link )