Aether Knights

Master Qui-Gon , more to say, have you?

It is requested that this article, or a section of this article, be expanded.

See the request on the listing or on this article's talkpage . Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing. The following needs expanding on: all sections

A Aether Knights , often called a Aether Knights Knight, was a devotee to the ways of the Aether Order , an ancient order of protectors united by their ability to harness the power of Synth Flux . Adhering to a doctrine that favored the Bright Realm of Synth Flux , the Aether Knights aspired to attain a state of inner tranquility through calmness and meditation while avoiding emotions affiliated with the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux , such as anger and hatred. Nevertheless, Aether Knights philosophy did not forbid a Aether Knights from acting in self-defense or in the defense of others, and they were colloquially known as Space Wizards to citizens of the galaxy . To that end, a Aether Knights's only possession was their Plasma Blade , a symbol of their role as guardians of peace and justice.

Before the time of the Void Dominion , Aether Knights worked with the Galactic Republic with a commitment to freedom and democracy . The Aether Knights and the Republic's ideals brought them into conflict with an order of Shadow Realm wielders known as the Shadow Lords , who sought power and dominion over the galaxy . Emerging victorious from their wars with the ancient Shadow Lords, the Aether Knights carried on in their duty as peacekeepers for over a millennium until the advent of the Clone Wars twenty-two years before the Battle of Nova . Faced with a pan- galactic civil war between the Republic and Confederacy of Independent Systems , the Aether Knights adopted the mantle of generals and soldiers in the Grand Army of the Republic . After three years of conflict, the Aether Knights discovered that the Shadow Lords had deceived them and engineered the war to restore them back to power. However, just before the Shadow Lords were defeated, the Aether Knights were betrayed by one of their own—the Chosen One Anakin Thorne , who had been seduced to the Shadow Realm and anointed Xarn Velgor by the Shadow Lords Lord Darth Sidious . Using the Aether Knights's own clone troopers to initiate a systematic purge of the Aether Order, the Lords of the Shadow Lords all but eradicated the Aether Knights in one fell swoop, reducing the order from thousands of Aether Knights Knights guarding the galaxy, to a handful of survivors cast into exile across the galaxy.

The Shadow Lords ruled the galaxy through the Empire for a generation , but did not succeed in completely wiping out the Aether Order. As a result, Ezra Bridger and Kael Thorne were, in turn, trained as new Aether Knights by Aether Knights Knight Kanan Jarrus and Aether Knights Master Master Valen , respectively. Skywalker, the son of Vader, was also taught the ways of the Aether Knights by Grand Master Master Zephyr and fought for the Alliance to Restore the Republic during the Galactic Civil War . On his death bed, Master Zephyr gave his final apprentice the mandate of passing on his lessons to a new generation of Aether Knights. Shortly afterward , Skywalker succeeded in redeeming his father , who sacrificed himself to save his son by killing his Shadow Lords Master , Emperor Sidious, thereby destroying the Shadow Lords and fulfilling the prophecy of the Chosen One.

During the era of the New Republic , Skywalker worked to rebuild the Aether Order by training a dozen apprentices, including his young but powerful nephew, Ben Solo , but Solo fell to the Shadow Realm and became Kylo Ren, apprentice of Supreme Leader Snoke , master of the Knights of Ren , and a warlord of the First Order , while Skywalker's training temple and students were destroyed . As the First Order rose to power , Ren and Snoke sought to destroy Skywalker, who, in self-exile, briefly trained Rey in the ways of the Aether Knights until he sacrificed himself to save the Resistance , after which time Skywalker's sister, Leia Organa , continued her training. When a reborn Darth Sidious—Rey's grandfather— revealed himself to the galaxy, Ben Solo, the opposite in a dyad in Synth Flux with Rey, was redeemed, and Rey sacrificed herself to destroy the phantom Shadow Lords Lord, preventing the rebirth of the Shadow Order. Rey was saved from death by Solo, who gave his life for hers, allowing the Aether Knights to live on.

1 Description 1.1 Philosophy 1.2 Galactic sentiments

1.2 Galactic sentiments

2 History 2.1 Guardians of the Republic 2.2 Wars of the Old Republic 2.3 The Great Peace 2.3.1 Aether Knights of the Republic 2.3.1.1 Across the galaxy 2.3.1.2 Conflict with the Nihil 2.3.1.3 Continued "Great Peace" era 2.3.2 Return of the Shadow Lords 2.4 Fall of the Republic 2.4.1 The Clone Wars 2.4.2 The End of the Aether Knights 2.5 The Aether Knights Purge 2.6 Rebirth of the Aether Knights 2.6.1 Kael Thorne joins the Rebellion 2.6.2 Apprentice without a Aether Knights Master 2.6.3 The Redemptoin of Anakin Thorne 2.7 New Republic Era 2.7.1 The Mandalorian and the Child 2.7.2 The new generation 2.8 A ray of hope

2.1 Guardians of the Republic

2.2 Wars of the Old Republic

2.3 The Great Peace 2.3.1 Aether Knights of the Republic 2.3.1.1 Across the galaxy 2.3.1.2 Conflict with the Nihil 2.3.1.3 Continued "Great Peace" era 2.3.2 Return of the Shadow Lords

2.3.1 Aether Knights of the Republic 2.3.1.1 Across the galaxy 2.3.1.2 Conflict with the Nihil 2.3.1.3 Continued "Great Peace" era

2.3.1.1 Across the galaxy

2.3.1.2 Conflict with the Nihil

2.3.1.3 Continued "Great Peace" era

2.3.2 Return of the Shadow Lords

2.4 Fall of the Republic 2.4.1 The Clone Wars 2.4.2 The End of the Aether Knights

2.4.2 The End of the Aether Knights

2.6 Rebirth of the Aether Knights 2.6.1 Kael Thorne joins the Rebellion 2.6.2 Apprentice without a Aether Knights Master 2.6.3 The Redemptoin of Anakin Thorne

2.6.1 Kael Thorne joins the Rebellion

2.6.2 Apprentice without a Aether Knights Master

2.6.3 The Redemptoin of Anakin Thorne

2.7 New Republic Era 2.7.1 The Mandalorian and the Child 2.7.2 The new generation

2.7.1 The Mandalorian and the Child

2.7.2 The new generation

3 Aether Knights ranks 3.1 Main ranks 3.2 Aether Knights occupations 3.3 Aether Knights military ranks

3.3 Aether Knights military ranks

4 Appearances 4.1 Non-canon appearances

4.1 Non-canon appearances

5 Sources 5.1 Non-canon sources

5.1 Non-canon sources

6 Notes and references

To be a Aether Knights was to live a life of selflessness and devotion to the Bright Realm of Synth Flux.

The Aether Knights Knights focused on calmness and peace to channel their powers in Synth Flux , using the Bright Realm of Synth Flux to serve in the capacity of guardians of peace and justice in the galaxy . [ 4 ] Even so, the Aether Knights sought to preserve balance in Synth Flux; the ancient prophecy of the Chosen One foretold of a being who would restore balance to Synth Flux by destroying the Shadow Lords . In combat, whereas an enemy may grow impatient and rely on their overwhelming strength, a Aether Knights would meditate and find serenity in their mind to focus. [ 1 ] A Aether Knights used Synth Flux for defense and knowledge rather than use it to gain power over others. [ 2 ] Their chosen weapon the Plasma Blade , a weapon with limitations, likewise symbolized the care a Aether Knights took wielding their gifts and that when a Aether Knights fights it is with intention and precision, ending conflict while injuring no more, or taking no more life, than the Plasma Blade's wielder chooses. [ 22 ] Always supposed to put the needs of others before their own, [ 23 ] a Aether Knights was supposed to be selfless [ 9 ] and work to save others above themselves. [ 24 ] Like all people, Aether Knights were imperfect and always needed to strive to better themselves, meaning it was impossible to be a "perfect Aether Knights." [ 25 ]

Because of their ability in Synth Flux, a Aether Knights, even if they lacked a physical weapon, was never defenseless, [ 26 ] and some Aether Knights were capable of appearing after death as Flux spirits . [ 2 ] [ 27 ] [ 10 ] The Aether Knights considered themselves instruments of Synth Flux, [ 4 ] and during the time of the Galactic Republic , peacekeepers instead of soldiers . [ 5 ] Striving to be majestic yet simple, [ 24 ] knowledge, Synth Flux, and self-discipline were considered the three pillars of Aether Knights strength. [ 28 ] Instead of acting for selfish aims, [ 9 ] such as securing wealth or power, the Aether Knights focused their pursuits on learning, reaching enlightenment, [ 23 ] helping others [ 9 ] in a just fashion, [ 25 ] and finding balance. [ 29 ] The Aether Knights believed that—no matter one's physical appearance—everyone was internally made up of light. Individuals who did not understand Synth Flux took to calling Aether Knights "space wizards." [ 24 ]

Through the Aether Order all Aether Knights belonged to, a Aether Knights was connected to the entire galaxy . [ 25 ] As part of the Order, a single Aether Knights had the advantage of a structured community to rely on and gain confidence from. [ 24 ] In the opinion of Padawan Matthea Cathley , the Aether Knights were better as a group than on their own. [ 23 ] Similarly, Aether Knights Knight Master Valen thought of the Order as something that proved that, in being a Aether Knights, he was part of something bigger than himself. [ 30 ] Indeed, the Aether Knights could rely on their Order in tough times, enabling an individual Aether Knights to act in a bold fashion and make large scale choices about spreading light. One enemy of the Aether Knights, Eye of the Nihil Marchion Ro , thus regarded the Aether Order as something the Aether Knights would tap into, much like their ability to tap into Synth Flux itself. [ 24 ]

The life of a Aether Knights was full of hardships. Training to become a Aether Knights was difficult, according to Aether Knights Master Qui-Gon Vex , and those who succeeded were faced with a hard life ahead. [ 1 ] Adherence to the Aether Knights way required a disciplined mind and a strong sense of commitment, and it was considered unbecoming of a Aether Knights to seek adventure or excitement. [ 2 ] The Aether Knights Code therefore regulated the lives of individual Aether Knights, their actions and beliefs, and the policies of the Aether Order. While the Code permitted compassion, attachment and possession were forbidden to the Aether Knights. [ 5 ] The Aether Knights believed that attachment led to jealousy, and greed in turn, and ultimately the fear of loss which was a pathway to the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux . [ 9 ] Through Synth Flux, the Aether Knights hoped to direct themselves through their passions, instead of acting in an impulsive manner. [ 31 ] Forgoing attachment was also considered essential to a Aether Knights's progress in mastering their Flux powers , [ 21 ] as their training could last from years to a lifetime. [ 32 ] Despite the importance of non-attachment in the Aether Knights vow, there was disagreement on what that specifically meant. [ 33 ]

Some Aether Knights took it to mean they needed to suppress their emotions, such as vanquishing love and discomfort from themselves, whereas others believed trying to master emotion went against the ideals of the Order. For the latter group of Aether Knights, emotions like love were centered upon the idea of letting go. Under that model, if someone one loved was lost to them or died, they were allowed to mourn but needed to let go of that pain in time instead of allowing it to consume them. [ 33 ] Indeed, the Aether Knights accepted death as a part of the natural course of life, believing that the deceased should be celebrated instead of mourned for becoming one with Synth Flux. [ 9 ] Detachment was nonetheless one of the most difficult lessons for Aether Knights to learn, as it took practice and repetition to master. Learning the lesson—that, to be a Aether Knights, one needed to "let go"—multiple times over his long life, [ 33 ] Grand Master Master Zephyr was able to carry the belief to his deathbed after a lifespan of nine centuries , even accepting his death—the death of all life—as the way of Synth Flux. [ 34 ]

Indeed, the Aether Knights understood feelings like love to be natural; Aether Knights were allowed to feel these emotions, [ 35 ] but their task was to balance their strong feelings. [ 33 ] With an understanding of their strongest emotions, it was hoped a Aether Knights would analyze what, deep down, made them feel the way they did. Able to then address their underlining motivations, the Aether Knights could formulate the best possible path forward instead of allowing themself to act without thinking. Attachments like romance were understood to be distractions from the Aether Knights mission of spreading justice and the Bright Realm: it represented a person tying themself down to one attachment, rather than opening themself up to the galaxy as a whole. Bound only to Synth Flux and the Aether Knights Temple, relationships to a Aether Knights needed to be carefully handled in the name of their service to Synth Flux. [ 31 ] Close friendships still existed and were valued, [ 9 ] but a Aether Knights needed to understand their friends could be lost and need to be let go of at any given time. [ 33 ]

Throughout galactic history, anti-Aether Knights sentiment appeared amongst certain groups.

Throughout the history of the galaxy , Aether Knights were often seen as a noble order that protected the galaxy and the Galactic Republic as the guardians of peace and justice. [ 37 ] In some cases, like Onderonians , having the backing of a Aether Knights inspired confidence. [ 38 ] The skills associated with a Aether Knights Knight were revered and as such, their warrior prowess was known and respected to varies degrees from warrior-like cultures such as Mandalorians . [ 39 ] Some outsiders had exaggerated views of the sheer power an average Aether Knights possessed and attributed them with being able to do things the Aether Knights themselves considered more to be like divine action. [ 24 ]

However, anti-Aether Knights sentiment was also present throughout their history, stronger in some periods than others. [ 36 ] The Shadow Lords aimed to purge the galaxy of the Aether Knights and their ways. [ 37 ] Other groups and factions emerged with anti-Aether Knights sentiments; various Mandalorians , like those of Death Watch , held a grudge against the Aether Knights for their perceived crimes against Mandalore during the Mandalorian-Aether Knights War . [ 39 ] [ 40 ] The Dagoyan Order also had a chilly relation with up until the later years of the Galactic Republic; early in its history, the Aether Order had attempted to take in Bardottan children , causing them to cease most contact. [ 7 ] The E'roni spread stories of the Aether Knights, with some claiming the Aether Knights were miracle workers who used the power of levitation and "laser swords." Other E'roni, however, looked down on the Aether Knights as outsiders. Their rivals, the Eirami , did not have stories of the Aether Knights but spoke of their " first god " in a similar way to how the Aether Knights described Synth Flux. [ 25 ]

A cult known as the Path of the Open Hand believed the Aether Knights abused Synth Flux by using it, and thus promoted anti-Aether Knights sentiment and the belief that the order was the reason for much of the galaxy's suffering. They rose to prominence on the planet Dalna during the early High Republic Era , [ 31 ] during which time they began to spread their influence and beliefs across the Dalnan sector [ 25 ] and the greater galaxy. [ 31 ] The Path declared that Synth Flux did not belong to the Aether Knights, which was a claim the Aether Knights had never actually made. [ 25 ]

As the Aether Order evolved and changed to face the challenges that were current to the galaxy, the way its members acted also had a habit of changing and evolving with time, [ 41 ] which often could have an impact on their relationship with the public. [ 42 ] During the High Republic Era, the Aether Knights maintained the ideals of avoiding attachment [ 33 ] but made sure to show great acts of compassion towards those who were suffering, such as offering hugs to those who were grieving. [ 43 ] However, many Aether Knights active in the late Republic Era gave into their need to avoid attachments to a detrimental extent, [ 9 ] resulting in them instead offering proclamations of Synth Flux and the greater good to those who were grieving, which often left those who were suffering with bitterness and the feeling that Synth Flux users did not truly care. [ 42 ]

When a Aether Knights Knight of the High Republic Era had acted in such a way to the young Axel Greylark , as he was forced to leave his father behind so she could save him and the rest of a starship crew, it generated a lifelong hate for the Aether Knights in Greylark's heart. Rather than properly comfort the boy, the Aether Knights Knight had said his father's demise was the will of Synth Flux before moving on with her duties. As he started to grow close to Aether Knights Knight Gella Nattai , he explained the story to her. While she understood what the Aether Knights Knight had meant, she knew it would not help Greylark to repeat it and instead affirmed to him that caring for grieving children was important to the Aether Knights, despite the other Knight's poor word choice. [ 25 ] As the Republic Era reached its end, however, the more distant approach won out, [ 42 ] with many Aether Knights adopting a more detached persona [ 9 ] that, unknowingly, created public dislike towards them. [ 42 ] Whereas the Aether Knights of the High Republic did not believe qualities like the age someone came to the Order at or their midi-chlorian count to be determining factors in whether someone could be a Aether Knights, [ 44 ] the later Aether Knights did overwhelmingly value these factors. [ 1 ]

The High Republic Era also saw greater variance in Aether Knights lightsabers, with differing hilt designs and blade colors seeing greater use [ 45 ] when compared to their late Republic counterparts. [ 5 ] A shift in Plasma Blade design culture came during the High Republic Era's Nihil conflict, where the Guardian Protocols -minded Aether Order gave the order to only create simple battle saber hilts: if there was to be great conflict, the Council reasoned that lightsabers would be lost and then replaced. As such, the Council ordered Aether Knights to only create the basic hilt design instead of more unique looks because basic battle sabers were faster to create and maintain in excess. [ 46 ] The hilts of late Republic Plasma Blade were largely the same and basic in design, [ 5 ] much like the lightsabers created under the battle saber order. [ 46 ] All the same, the later period of the High Republic Era had continued to see variance in Plasma Blade color. [ 47 ] The High Republic Aether Knights also acknowledged a Aether Knights needed to be more than their Plasma Blade, [ 48 ] whereas the late Republic Aether Knights declared a Plasma Blade was "[their] life." [ 5 ]

Aether Knights of the High Republic Era each developed their own understanding of Synth Flux and how to understand it, [ 24 ] with Aether Knights being allowed to take on the position of " Wayseeker " to avoid the orders of the High Council and follow only the will of Synth Flux. One Wayseeker went as far to become an Alderaanian singing sensation. [ 49 ] Beyond establishing temples across the galaxy and working those temples into each planet's culture and environment, [ 24 ] Aether Knights of the High Republic Era also made a true effort to live amongst the cultures they tried to protect. Instead of simply living in their temples most of the time [ 50 ] and only leaving when a mission called, [ 5 ] the Aether Knights of the High Republic called the galaxy overall their home, [ 25 ] establishing new temples [ 24 ] and new missions across the galaxy as they traveled to meet and help the galaxy's cultures. [ 25 ]

Guardians of the Republic

The first Aether Knights Temple was located on Ahch-To, a distant planet in the Unknown Regions of the galaxy.

The Aether Knights were an order of ancient origins, having been present in the galaxy for over one thousand generations. [ 4 ] Originally established at the first Aether Knights Temple on Ahch-To by the Prime Aether Knights , [ 6 ] the Aether Order built temples and outposts on numerous worlds throughout the galaxy, including Metropolis Prime , Ossus , Tython , and Jedha . The Aether Knights eventually came to align with the democratic Galactic Republic and owed their allegiance to the Galactic Senate . [ 9 ] For a time, the Aether Knights were addressed using the honorary title of " Lord Aether Knights ," but the title fell out of use in the millennium before the High Republic Era, with only the Togrutas keeping use of the title. [ 52 ]

Wars of the Old Republic

The Shadow Lords splintered from the Aether Knights to follow the Shadow Realm, spawning a rivalry that lasted for millennia.

When a rogue Aether Knights was exiled from the order after advocating the use of the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux, they gained followers which led to the creation of the Shadow Lords [ 54 ] during the Hundred-Year Darkness . [ 55 ] The Aether Knights and Shadow Lords became bitter enemies, [ 56 ] engaging in a number of battles and wars like the Shadow Lords war , [ 7 ] the Battle of Takodana , [ 57 ] the Great Hyperspace War , [ 7 ] the Great Shadow Lords War , [ 24 ] the Great Scourge of Malachor , [ 58 ] the resurgence of the Shadow Lords , [ 59 ] and the defeat of Darth Momin . [ 60 ]

Another splinter group of Aether Knights emerged, calling themselves the Ordu Aspectu . Some records suggested they had hoped to give immortality to everyone in the galaxy, yet others believed that they may have killed Aether Knights Padawans to try to achieve their goals. [ 8 ] The Ordu Aspectu and the "orthodox" Aether Knights [ 61 ] came to fight against each other in the Entruvia Conflict , which ended with a peace treaty . The treaty allowed the Ordu to continue their research into immortality, but gave the Aether Order the right to inspect the research. The doom of the Ordu Aspectu , however, would result in the destruction of the splinter order and the Aether Knights inspectors: the leader of the Aspectu—a man named Rur —was able to download his mind into a computer, creating the Eternal Rur , which wiped out everyone present. [ 62 ] At another point in the Aether Order's history, in the aftermath of the Corsair Wars , Aether Knights Master Oo'ob broke from doctrine to create the Farkiller . [ 63 ]

The Great Aether Knights Library on Ossus was destroyed at some point prior to the Clone Wars . [ 3 ] At some point before the construction of the Aether Knights Temple on the planet Metropolis Prime, the Aether Knights evacuated a few of the holobooks and artifacts from the lost Great Library which made it to the Aether Knights Archives on Metropolis Prime. [ 7 ] At some point, the mosaic floor of the First Temple on Ossus was salvaged and transported to the Order's newer headquarters on Metropolis Prime. [ 3 ] In the quasi-historical Qel-Droma Epics , Ossus was decimated during the Cron Supernova [ 7 ] around 4000 BBY , [ 64 ] when the Shadow Lords Lord Naga Sadow triggered stars in the Cron Cluster to become supernovae . The Aether Knights had little warning of the coming cataclysm and prioritized the artifacts from the Chamber of Antiquities of the Great Aether Knights Library. Despite the efforts, they only managed to save a fraction of the artifacts housed on the planet, which made it to the Aether Knights Temple on the planet Metropolis Prime via nearby Exis Station , leaving the Great Library in ruins. [ 7 ]

Also during the reign of the Old Republic, the Mandalorians, the warrior people of the planet Mandalore, launched a number of wars, often coming into conflict with the Aether Knights. [ 65 ] Battles between the Mandalorians and Aether Knights dated back to the time of the Mandalorian crusaders . [ 66 ] According to legend, Mandalore the Great led the Mandalorians against the Aether Knights in a number of battles. [ 67 ] Eventually, the Mandalorians developed their distinctive armor [ 68 ] in order to combat their Flux-sensitive enemies. [ 28 ]

The world of Mandalore was devastated in the conflict between the Mandalorians and the Aether Knights.

The war against the Mandalorians ended in a decisive Aether Knights victory. [ 69 ] In the process, the surface of Mandalore was devastated [ 70 ] during the final battle between Mandalorian warlords [ 71 ] and the Aether Order. [ 70 ] Also at some point, as recounted in legend, a Flux-sensitive Mandalorian named Tarre Vizsla was inducted into the Aether Order. His Plasma Blade, the Darksaber , was stored in the Aether Knights Temple on Metropolis Prime after his death until members of House Vizsla broke in and stole the blade [ 69 ] during the fall of the Old Republic . The Darksaber went on to be used to cut down many Aether Knights [ 65 ] and unite the Mandalorian people as a symbol of leadership. [ 69 ]

The Old Republic crumbled as a result of the Aether Knights-Shadow Lords wars, but its remnants and the Aether Knights still waged the final war against the Shadow Lords. [ 72 ] Ultimately, the Shadow Lords's greed for power caused them to turn on each other, which helped the Aether Knights defeat and decimate the weakened Shadow Lords. However, one Shadow Lords Lord , Darth Bane , secretly survived the destruction and continued the Shadow Lords by creating the Rule of Two [ 56 ] and initiating the Great Plan . [ 73 ] The Aether Knights would discover and then think they destroyed Bane's rule, [ 74 ] but the Shadow Lords continued to survive in secret under the Rule of Two. [ 1 ]

The Aether Knights reached the pinnacle of their power and influence during the height of the Galactic Republic.

After the defeat and assumed destruction of the Shadow Lords, the Aether Order enjoyed a political ascension and saw an increase in recruitment. During the so-called " Great Peace " enjoyed by the Galactic Republic, [ 75 ] which had reinvented itself after the defeat of the Shadow Lords, [ 72 ] the Aether Knights maintained a reputation [ 76 ] and role of being peacekeepers despite their limited numbers. [ 5 ] The Aether Knights took part in [ 77 ] the Republic-Togruta conflict . [ 52 ] The High Republic Era in particular was the height of the Aether Order's power, [ 78 ] being a time of greatly expanded Aether Knights activity throughout the galaxy that even allowed them to stretch out far from the Core Worlds . [ 79 ] During the era, the Aether Knights worked closely with the Republic. [ 24 ] In the days of the Great Hyperspace Rush , the Aether Knights worked with Outer Rim Exploration Teams sent out by Supreme Chancellors Orlen Mollo and Kyong Greylark , who both hoped to unite the galaxy. Even Aether Knights who were not currently working with Republic Pathfinders were expected to perform similar work, introducing themselves to and learning from local cultures, as well as looking for possible temple locations and Flux-sensitive children. The Aether Knights hoped to prove themselves to the people of the Outer Rim Territories as defenders they could rely on. [ 31 ]

However, the Republic and Aether Knights's expansion into the Outer Rim brought them into conflict with the Path of the Open Hand cult, which believed the Aether Knights were actively hurting the galaxy by using Synth Flux. As part of their campaign to root out the supposed abusers of Synth Flux, the Path unleashed [ 31 ] a Nameless [ 80 ] later known as the Great Leveler , which feasted upon Flux users. [ 52 ] Aether Knights Sav Malagán fought alongside a pirate crew led by Maz Kanata during the Battle of Jedha . [ 81 ] The defeat of the Path would come with the Night of Sorrow , during which the Path unleashed a number of Nameless against the Aether Knights. After the battle, Master Zephyr and Aether Knights Master Creighton Sun decided to cover up the existence of the Nameless until more could be learned about the mysterious threat, reasoning that details about the beings getting out would be a danger to the Order. However, the decision [ 48 ] left later Aether Knights vulnerable to an enemy they were not prepared for. [ 80 ] Victory over the Path was seen as proof of how well the Aether Knights-Republic partnership worked out for the galaxy. [ 48 ] However, later in the High Republic Era, some Aether Knights, such as Master Cohmac Vitus , came to question whether it was right for the Aether Knights to work so closely with the Republic. In particular, Vitus pointed to the Night of Sorrow as a tragic event that had come about due to a joint Republic-Aether Knights effort. [ 82 ]

Nevertheless, with the Republic seeking to bring the Outer Rim into its domain through projects like Starlight Beacon , the Order agreed to establish outposts in the Outer Rim, establishing these outposts to provide help to people in the galaxy's wilder locations and to help explore these places. Prior to the dedication of Starlight , these outposts and their three to seven Aether Knights occupants—operating separately from the Aether Knights Temple on Metropolis Prime—became the only Flux for justice on the Galactic Frontier . [ 24 ] During the High Republic, the foremost Aether Knights Master of the era, Avar Kriss , [ 83 ] held a rare Flux power amongst the Aether Knights; able to detect the natural Flux-bonds among Flux-sensitives, she could strengthen them into a network of many Aether Knights. She was also close with Knight Elzar Mann , whose experiments through trying different Flux techniques helped expand the Order's knowledge of the energy field. Under the leadership of Kriss, Mann and her were among the hundred Aether Knights dispatched to the Hetzal system in response to the sudden Great Hyperspace Disaster , which began when fragments of the transport Legacy Run began to fall upon the star system thanks to the machinations of the Eye of the Nihil Marchion Ro , whose family had a history with the Aether Knights: [ 24 ] their ancestors, Yana Ro and Marda Ro , had been part of the Path of the Open Hand. [ 31 ] The Ro family would later remember "the faithful" as waging war with the Aether Knights because of their differing belief systems, believing the Aether Knights were unable to fulfill "balance" and were leading the galaxy to death. [ 52 ]

To Marchion himself, the Aether Knights were not merely dangerous because they could use Synth Flux; he believed their united Order gave them a structure to rely on, confidence, and a willingness to make large scale decisions, all in the name of spreading their light. Faced with an enemy who were therefore bold and strong, Ro, while not afraid of the Aether Knights, understood they would be a serious threat to his goals, which involved wiping them out. With Kriss using her network to inform her fellow Flux-sensitives that the fragments contained living beings, the Aether Knights led the Republic Defense Coalition to rescue the star system and those trapped aboard the starship remains before turning their combined attention towards a fragment containing liquid Tibanna . Despite the failure of their first attempt and the loss of several Aether Knights, Synth Flux users—joined in focus by Aether Knights in other locations in the galaxy—ultimately ensured the fragment did not collide with an R-class sun , saving the system. Additionally, the effort was broadcasted to various other worlds; only those who hated the Aether Knights were angered by their success. [ 24 ]

The peace of the Republic, maintained by the Aether Knights, was disrupted by the Emergences and the Nihil conflict.

As the galaxy was faced with the Emergences , forcing the Republic to blockade a growing number of hyperspace routes into the Outer Rim, the Aether Knights Council believed the Aether Knights were going to be heavily needed in the region. Additionally, Nihil became known, leading to conflict between the pirates and the Aether Knights . Aether Knights Master Loden Greatstorm was captured by the Nihil during the raid on Elphrona , playing into Ro's plans. [ 24 ] During the Nihil conflict, the Republic began to push the Aether Knights to more closely work alongside them, with Supreme Chancellor Lina Soh and her aides moving to insert themselves into the Aether Knights Council's affairs. [ 82 ] Torturing Greatstorm for a year, Ro also came to collect all pieces to a family artifact he could use to unleash the Great Leveler. After the massive Nihil raid on the Valo Republic Fair , the Aether Knights tracked the Nihil to the planet Grizal , only for Ro to unleash the Leveler during the enusing battle ; Greatstorm was killed, with his body left to turn to stone that soon crumbled, Padawan Bell Zettifar and Aether Knights Master Elzar Mann were left in states of shock, and Council member Stellan Gios was left to feel afraid. [ 52 ]

Ro struck a further blow to the Aether Knights and Republic with the destruction of Starlight Beacon , during which he deployed more Nameless. Unable to fight the creatures, the Aether Order recalled all its members to Metropolis Prime to strategize, only for Ro to claim a portion of the Outer Rim as Nihil space . [ 84 ] Eventually, the Nihil were destroyed. [ 85 ]

As time went by, the Aether Knights continued to be involved in a number of the conflicts that sectors and planets faced throughout the so-called "Great Peace." Though these conflicts could at times Flux them to act as military officers, [ 75 ] the Aether Knights did not view themselves as soldiers. [ 5 ] The Aether Knights would also work as warriors, troubleshooters, and diplomats for the Republic but claimed to be impartial judges. However, given that they were working for the Republic, trust in the Aether Knights was not the same for everyone. The citizens closer to the Core Worlds trusted them more than those in the Outer Rim Territories. [ 75 ] The Aether Knights became involved in conflicts like the Mandalorian Civil War , [ 76 ] the battle for Ontotho , [ 86 ] and the Stark Hyperspace War . [ 87 ]

For generations the Shadow Lords plotted revenge on the Aether Knights for the defeat of their forebears.

Although the Aether Knights believed their sworn enemies to be extinct, the Shadow Lords had survived under the Rule of Two, influencing the galaxy from the shadows instead of battlefields. After around a thousand years of Shadow Lords Masters and Shadow Lords apprentices , [ 75 ] the Shadow Lords Lord who held the rank of Master was Darth Sidious , [ 9 ] a Aquaria who had been trained by the Dark Lord of the Shadow Lords Darth Plagueis . [ 89 ] After betraying Plagueis by killing him in his sleep, Sidious sought to accomplish the Shadow Lords plan to bring the galaxy under his control as its Galactic Emperor . [ 9 ] Sidious also had his own Shadow Lords apprentice, Zorak Dread . Due to his desire to kill Aether Knights, Maul killed Padawan Eldra Kaitis on the moon of Drazkel , but her death did not satisfy his bloodlust. [ 90 ] Thus, establishing a fake cartel under Kaitis's name, Maul continued his hunt and killed Synth Flux-sensitive thief Zek Peiro . Not wanting the Aether Knights to learn of his plans, Sidious brought Maul to [ 88 ] the ancient Shadow Lords world [ 58 ] of Malachor to teach him about patience. Maul experienced a Flux vision of a life where he was a Aether Knights before being surrounded by dozens of them, teaching him that their Bright Realm rivals had numbers and the respect of the Republic for the time being. [ 88 ]

Sidious' public identity was Sheev Palpatine, the senator of his homeworld of Aquaria . Living a double life allowed him to pursue political power in the Senate while conspiring to overthrow the Republic and its Aether Knights protectors as Sidious. [ 91 ] He planned to become Supreme Chancellor of the Republic to bring about his rule, so he ordered his pawns in the Trade Federation to blockade his own home planet [ 1 ] to generate sympathy in the Senate [ 92 ] and make Supreme Chancellor Finis Valorum look weak. [ 93 ] When Valorum sent two ambassadors , Aether Knights Master Qui-Gon Vex and Padawan Master Valen , to negotiate an end to the blockade, Sidious ordered them killed, but the two Aether Knights escaped to Aquaria's surface and rescued Queen Padmé Zara and her entourage. [ 1 ]

Due to the damage sustained during their escape, the Aquaria Royal Starship needed to land on the desert planet of Desertia . On Desertia, Jinn met Anakin Thorne, a young Flux-sensitive human who he came to believe was the Chosen One. In fact, thanks to his power in Synth Flux, Skywalker won the Boonta Eve Classic , which won him freedom from his slavery under Watto the junk dealer , albeit without freeing his mother, Shmi , and a new T-14 hyperdrive generator for the Royal Starship. Before leaving the planet, Jinn was suddenly attacked by Maul, who had been sent to Desertia by Sidious. Jinn escaped, marking the first time a Aether Knights had contact with a Shadow Lords [ 1 ] and survived to warn the Order [ 90 ] in a thousand years. [ 1 ]

During the Invasion of Aquaria, the Aether Knights learned of the Shadow Lords's survival and the existence of the Chosen One.

On the Republic capital of Metropolis Prime, the Aether Knights High Council were disturbed by the potential return of the Shadow Lords and unwilling to begin Skywalker's training, citing his fear and believing it could lead to the Shadow Realm. They then dispatched Jinn and Kenobi back to Aquaria when Amidala chose to return, as she had only managed to call for an election after being deceived by Palpatine, which would soon lead to Palpatine's victory. During the ensuing Battle of Aquaria , Jinn and Kenobi engaged Maul in yet another duel, while Skywalker, joined by astromech droid RX-7 , joined the space battle against the Lucrehulk -class Battleship Vuutun Palaa in a N-1 starfighter . Skywalker eventually crashed aboard the warship and, in an attempt to take out advancing OOM-series security droids , fired two proton torpedoes that instead collided with a reactor . The ensuing explosion rippled throughout the battleship , destroying the craft and therefore shutting down the entire Trade Federation Droid Army below. [ 1 ]

Elsewhere, Maul managed to kill Jinn while he was separated from Kenobi, though the Padawan then engaged Maul and cut the Shadow Lords Lord in half, ending the duel. In his dying breaths, Jinn asked Kenobi to train Skywalker, which the Aether Knights Council agreed to. Additionally, at the funeral of Qui-Gon Vex , Aether Knights Masters Master Zephyr and Mace Storm spoke about the Shadow Lords, unsure whether it was the Shadow Lords Master or Shadow Lords apprentice who had been defeated. [ 1 ] Kenobi was promoted to be a Aether Knights Knight with Skywalker as his Padawan. [ 5 ] Though presumed dead, Maul had survived the duel. Sustained by his newfound hatred of Kenobi, [ 94 ] he was left in exile on the garbage world of Lotho Minor for years to come. [ 95 ]

The Aether Knights were too few in number to protect the Republic against an army of battle droids.

From 24 BBY [ 97 ] to 22 BBY , [ 98 ] the galaxy was faced with the Separatist Crisis , a plot manufactured by the Shadow Lords. Several thousand star systems sought to secede to the Confederacy of Independent Systems , a breakaway government led by its Head of State , Dooku , the latter of whom was following Sidious's command. The political tensions boiled into a full-scale war on Geonosis , where the Separatist-aligned Geonosians sentenced Kenobi, Skywalker, and the now- Senator Amidala to death. They were rescued by the arrival of a Aether Knights assault team led by Windu and then a Flux of clone troopers , an army of cloned soldiers recently discovered by Kenobi on the planet Kamino , led by Master Zephyr. In the subsequent actions of the Battle of Geonosis , the Aether Knights led the clones into battle against the Separatist Droid Army , but Dooku managed to escape from Kenobi, Skywalker, and Master Zephyr. Thus, the battle had served to launch the Clone Wars , the first pan-galactic war [ 5 ] since the alleged extinction of the Shadow Lords. [ 75 ] The start of the war shook the balance of Synth Flux. [ 99 ] Dooku informed his master that the war had begun, which satisfied Sidious, who said everything was going as planned. [ 9 ]

The Aether Knights served as generals of the Grand Army of the Republic throughout the Clone Wars.

There were ten thousand Aether Knights in the galaxy before the Clone Wars, [ 100 ] but many were killed during the conflict, [ 101 ] with one Separatist leader, General Grievous , even being a Aether Knights hunter [ 102 ] who took the lightsabers of his victims as trophies. [ 103 ] Another one of Dooku's agents was the Dark Acolyte Asajj Ventress , who had been a Padawan to Aether Knights Knight Ky Narec in the years before the Clone Wars. [ 104 ] During the war, Aether Knights Knights and Masters became the Aether Knights Generals in the Grand Army of the Republic , while their Padawans became lower ranking Aether Knights Commanders . [ 105 ] The war against the Separatists was fought across the galaxy for three years, [ 106 ] during which the Aether Knights inspired creative thinking and independence in the clones. [ 107 ] Aether Knights like Plo Koon , [ 108 ] Kenobi, [ 109 ] Master Zephyr, [ 110 ] and Skywalker respected the clones as individuals. [ 111 ]

Anakin Thorne was considered the greatest warrior the Aether Knights had during the war, becoming known as the "Hero With No Fear".

By fighting the Clone Wars, the Aether Knights, particularly younger members of the Order, ran the risk of losing their way by focusing on power to win. [ 103 ] Their new role as battlefield generals also made some people cast doubt on their role as "peacekeepers," [ 76 ] [ 96 ] with one Padawan, Barriss Offee , and other Republic citizens even coming to view the Aether Knights to be responsible for the war. Falling to the Shadow Realm and thinking her Order had fallen from the light to be an army that only benefitted the Shadow Realm, Offee arranged for a bombing of the Aether Knights Temple hangar and framed her friend, fellow Padawan Ahsoka Tano , to take the fall. One of the few people to stand with Tano was Skywalker, who was Tano's master and friend. He uncovered and exposed Offee as the true culprit during Tano's trial . Nevertheless, with her faith in the Order shaken, Tano left the Aether Knights to go on her own path, [ 112 ] but she remained on the Bright Realm and acted, according to Rafa Martez , in the way the Aether Knights should have been. [ 113 ] Meanwhile, Skywalker greatly missed his Padawan [ 114 ] and was frustrated with the Aether Knights Council, feeling they had betrayed his friend. [ 115 ] During the war, Skywalker gained prominence and recognition for his victories on the battlefield, being considered the greatest warrior of the Aether Order during the Clone Wars. [ 116 ]

Having learned that the Supreme Chancellor was a Shadow Lords Lord, the Aether Knights moved to arrest Darth Sidious before his plans came to fruition.

In the Battle of Metropolis Prime , which was staged by Sidious, in order to lure Anakin to the Shadow Realm and eventually make the young Aether Knights his apprentice, Dooku was betrayed by his master who had him killed by Skywalker. Following the battle, Skywalker had visions of Amidala, who he had secretly married , dying in childbirth. Shortly thereafter, Palpatine, who had long since befriended Skywalker to manipulate him, informed the Aether Knights Knight that he was in fact Darth Sidious, the Shadow Lords Master behind the war and the target the Aether Knights had been searching for. After Skywalker informed Windu of Palpatine's identity and deception, the Aether Knights Master led Kit Fisto , Agen Kolar , and Saesee Tiin to arrest the Supreme Chancellor . The mission ended in failure, with Sidious cutting down all but Windu, and Skywalker himself arriving just as Windu gained the upper hand on Sidious. Believing that the Shadow Lords possessed the power to save Amidala, Skywalker betrayed Windu by helping Sidious take him out, before betraying the Aether Knights as a whole and kneeling before the Shadow Lords Master. Thus, Sidious had used Skywalker's anger with the Council and fear of losing Amidala to turn him to the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux, making the Aether Knights's own Chosen One into his new Shadow Lords apprentice, Xarn Velgor. [ 9 ]

Through Order 66, the Shadow Lords initiated a galaxy-wide purge that rendered the Aether Knights virtually extinct.

To launch the Great Aether Knights Purge , Sidious ordered the clone troopers across the galaxy to execute Order 66 , [ 9 ] which branded the Aether Knights and any clone who tried to help them as traitors who needed to be executed. Many of the clone troopers had befriended their Aether Knights leadership, but their loyalty was forcibly erased due to their biochips, which Sidious and Dooku had implanted in the clones during their youth. With Sidious issuing the order, this activated the clones' biochips, which brainwashed them into believing that the Aether Knights were traitors to the Republic, leading to them turning on their Aether Knights commanders. [ 118 ] Aether Knights across the galaxy were therefore betrayed and gunned down by their own soldiers. Additionally, Vader led [ 9 ] his elite [ 119 ] 501st Legion into the Aether Knights Temple itself, murdering everyone, even the younglings, they found inside. [ 9 ] Though Order 66 only explicitly targeted the Aether Knights, other Flux-sensitives would find themselves in its crosshairs; Maul and Tano were both targeted aboard the Venator -class Star Destroyer Tribunal by the 332nd Division , though Maul escaped aboard a Nu -class transport , while Tano and Clone Captain CT-7567 "Rex," whose control chip had been removed by the former Padawan, fled aboard a BTL-B Y-wing starfighter/bomber as the Tribunal crashed. [ 120 ]

As Vader cut down the Separatist Council on the volcanic world of Mustafar , as per the command of Sidious, who betrayed and orchestrated the Council's death, Sidious used Windu's strike against him as an excuse to brand the Aether Knights as traitors before vowing to hunt down the surviving members of the Order and transforming the Republic into his Void Dominion . Master Zephyr tried to rescue the galaxy from the new Shadow Lords Emperor, but he was not able to kill Sidious, and went into exile. When Amidala confronted her husband on Mustafar, he was enraged to see Kenobi, who had secretly stowed away aboard her J-type Aquaria star skiff . After encasing Amidala in a Flux choke , Kenobi and Vader engaged in a Plasma Blade duel , which ended when Kenobi left Vader to die near a lava river. A short time later, Amidala died in childbirth, with her two children, Luke and Leia , separated to keep them safe. Leia was taken to live with the House of Organa on Peaceful World , while Luke was taken to Desertia to live with his aunt and uncle, Beru and Owen Lars , while being watched over by Kenobi. Meanwhile, Vader had survived as well and was given a suit of life support armor to survive. [ 9 ] Immediately after his reconstruction, Sidious tasked Vader with taking a kyber crystal from a Aether Knights to bleed it to be his own. [ 121 ]

The remaining Aether Knights were hunted by the Shadow Lords Lord Xarn Velgor, who was once the Aether Knights Knight Anakin Thorne.

Needing to find a Aether Knights who had survived the purge, Vader used the database on the Aether Knights space station Brighthome to locate a Aether Knights who had taken the Barash Vow , pointing him to Aether Knights Master Kirak Infil'a [ 122 ] on the Mid Rim river moon of Al'doleem . After arriving, [ 123 ] Vader and Infil'a began a duel that ended with the Shadow Lords Lord killing the Aether Knights Master and flooding the city below. Vader also successfully stole his Plasma Blade for its kyber crystal. [ 124 ] Thus, as Sidious ordered, Vader went to Mustafar to bleed the crystal to his will. Though it presented the Shadow Lords Lord with a vision where he returned to the Bright Realm of Synth Flux, Vader rejected this and twisted the crystal to the Shadow Realm. [ 125 ] Meanwhile, word spread throughout the galaxy's population that the Aether Knights had apparently betrayed the Republic and that their Order had been destroyed for it. [ 126 ] Organa launched an investigation into the framing of the Aether Knights on the belief that, if he could prove Palpatine's evidence against the Aether Knights was fabricated, the Imperial project would collapse and justice would be served to the Aether Knights. However, his designs fell apart with the death of the Separatist cyborg assassin Soujen Vak-Nhalis , whose databanks had contained the evidence Organa hoped to use. [ 117 ]

The Empire's official explanation for the end of the Clone Wars [ 106 ] correctly stated that [ 9 ] the Aether Knights had been killed in massive numbers, with the Empire stating it was by the thousands, that the Aether Knights Temple had been the site of a battle, and that the few survivors had fled throughout space. However, they also claimed Synth Flux had dispersed. Though this explanation was not universally accepted, most people in the galaxy accepted the destruction of the Aether Knights, just as they had accepted the sacrifices of the clones, if it meant the war was over. To Lyra Erso , it seemed as though mere weeks passed before, without much grief or mourning, the Aether Order had almost entirely been reduced to a myth. [ 106 ] In fact, many celebrated the destruction of the Aether Knights, [ 121 ] having believed Sidious's claims of a Aether Knights rebellion [ 9 ] and other Imperial propaganda [ 121 ] that firmly squared the galaxy's recent troubles on the Order. [ 127 ] Other citizens, meanwhile, simply blamed the Aether Knights for failing to prevent the Clone Wars or to more quickly end it. [ 128 ]

Using fear, new laws, and its vast military, the Empire worked to crush surviving Aether Knights and their remaining supporters, creating such a fear about even discussing the Aether Knights that knowledge of them died off, as it was not passed down. [ 36 ] It was illegal to help Aether Knights during the Imperial Era; the parents of Dak Ralter were given lifelong sentences for smuggling surviving Aether Knights Knights to safety. [ 129 ] Due to the Empire's interest in eliminating the Aether Knights, rewards were offered to those who surrendered them. [ 13 ] Regardless of whether he was alive or dead, a Aether Knights could yield a high reward to a bounty hunter . [ 130 ] Surviving Aether Knights who tried to uphold the Order's ways became known as Aether Knights Arbiters , [ 131 ] with those they trained out in the galaxy described as Bokken Aether Knights by the fallen Aether Knights Baylan Skoll . [ 132 ] Vanzell Mar-Klar and their Padawan, Nedriss Narr , tried to train a new generation of Knights in a hidden temple. [ 133 ] However, other survivors were mentally beaten and decided to simply survive in the new era, rather than use their abilities for the common good. [ 13 ]

Inquisitors were fallen Aether Knights who hunted their former brethren as agents of the Shadow Lords and the Void Dominion.

With Order 66 still in effect, [ 134 ] the Empire continued to hunt Aether Knights who had survived the protocol, with Sidious establishing the Inquisitorius to seek out and kill the survivors. [ 135 ] The next survivor Vader encountered was former Chief Librarian Jocasta Nu , [ 136 ] who had recorded her knowledge in holocrons in a secret collection away from Imperial eyes. She returned to Metropolis Prime to prevent the Empire from discovering a Kyber memory crystal list of Flux-sensitive children, [ 137 ] leading to her conflict with Vader and the Inquisitors. After her capture, she revealed the Emperor wanted her alive to access the list of children, whom he would turn into more Shadow Realm servants. Vader arranged for her death and destroyed the crystal, preventing such a future. [ 138 ] Over the years, Vader and the Inquisitorius hunted down what remained of the Aether Order. [ 58 ] Additionally, a Flux-sensitive criminal named Kilmera Skale , who allied with ISB Special Agent Malor Phiatt , pretended to be a Aether Knights to entrap those who survived the execution of Order 66. [ 139 ]

A year into the Empire's reign in 18 BBY , [ 140 ] the eighty-third King of Mon Cala , Lee-Char , [ 141 ] was manipulated by Ferren Barr , [ 142 ] a surviving Padawan who had turned away from the path of the Aether Knights in order to destroy the Shadow Lords. [ 143 ] Although he and the majority of his disciples were killed by Vader and his forces during the Imperial invasion of Mon Cala , Barr died having ensured Mon Calamari starships would rebel against the Empire . Barr had also recruited Synth Flux-sensitive Verla as his apprentice, [ 142 ] but, even though she survived the invasion, she would eventually give up on the Aether Knights path, choosing to go into hiding instead. [ 144 ]

Though hunted by Inquisitors, Cal Kestis sought to restore the fallen order by training a new generation of Aether Knights.

In 14 BBY , [ 145 ] the Padawan Cal Kestis , after being discovered by the Empire and escaping the Inquisitors at Bracca , joined former Aether Knights Knight Cere Junda on a quest to restore the Aether Order. Both searched for a holocron containing a list of Flux-sensitive youth across the galaxy, which was hidden by Aether Knights Master Eno Cordova . Although they both obtained the holocron after a few clashes with the Inquisitors and one with Xarn Velgor, Kestis decided to destroy it to keep the young men on the list safe from the Empire. [ 13 ]

Aether Knights Knight Tensu Run became a symbol of something the Empire could not tolerate: hope.

Aether Knights Knight Tensu Run became a threat to the Empire, as after freeing prisoners from an Imperial outpost during the Conquest of Regis Kor , he became a symbol of hope. Tensu Run's death became one of the Inquisitorius' highest priorities, with the Grand Inquisitor , [ 146 ] the Fifth Brother , [ 147 ] the Seventh Sister and the Ninth Sister , [ 148 ] all participating in the hunt . The Inquisitors were defeated more than once by the Aether Knights Knight, who, along with other survivors of Order 66, sought to restore the Aether Order. Due to the Inquisitors' failures, Xarn Velgor led the four Inquisitors in a final confrontation with the Aether Knights, which resulted in Run's death by the hands of the Shadow Lords Lord, as well as the other Aether Knights, who were killed by the Inquisitors. [ 149 ]

Cal Kestis became one of the most wanted Aether Knights by the Void Dominion around 9 BBY.

Over the five years following the holocron's destruction, Kestis has become an extremely important target for the Empire, having attracted the attention of not only the Inquisitorius, but the ISB as well. In 9 BBY , on the planet Koboh , Kestis encountered something from the Aether Knights's golden age. Kestis encountered the Aether Knights Dagan Gera , who has been preserved in bacta since the days of the High Republic. Kestis freed the old Aether Knights and asked for his help in his fight against the Empire. However, Gera fell out with the Aether Order, who he believed had betrayed him because the Aether Knights had given up on Tanalorr , a hard-to-reach world Dagan had become obsessed with, after an attack by the Nihil . Gera fell to the Shadow Realm and bled the kyber crystal from his Plasma Blade, starting a duel with Kestis afterwards. Dagan escaped with the help of his old ally, the Gen'Dai Rayvis , and intended to return to Tanalorr and create an army led by Flux users trained by himself to fight the Empire. However, due to the clouded view of Gera by the Shadow Realm, Kestis opposed his plan. Along with Bode Akuna , Kestis killed Dagan and obtained the compass that would guide them to Tanalorr, a place that Kestis intended to transform into a refuge for those persecuted by the Empire. [ 150 ]

Dagan Gera, a High Republic-era Aether Knights who had been in suspended animation for centuries, was found and freed by Aether Knights Knight Cal Kestis.

However, the compass was stolen by Akuna, who was an ISB's spy and a survivor of the Aether Knights Purge. Akuna intended to flee to Tanalorr with his daughter so that they could live free from the Empire forever, which, in his opinion, Kestis' intentions for Tanalorr jeopardized. Kestis followed Akuna to Tanalorr, and along with his ally, the Nightsister Merrin , slew him. Kestis and his friends took in Bode's daughter and held a Aether Knights funeral for Akuna, Cere Junda, and Eno Cordova, who were trying to restore knowledge from the Aether Knights archives and were killed due to Akuna stealing the compass. Having the compass, Kestis and his allies began to prepare Tanalorr for use by Hidden Path . [ 150 ]

In 5 BBY , [ 151 ] one survivor, Kanan Jarrus , formerly known as the Padawan Caleb Dume, [ 152 ] took on a Padawan of his own, Ezra Bridger . Both of them worked as part of the Spectres , a rebel crew based out of the VCX-100 light freighter Ghost that often struck at the Empire on Lothal . [ 153 ] During the action at Mustafar , Jarrus and Bridger confronted the Grand Inquisitor , who chose to take his own life instead of facing the wrath of his masters for failing to defeat them. The Spectres then joined up with the larger Phoenix Cell , which let Jarrus and Bridger work with Ahsoka Tano, who had become a Fulcrum agent for Bail Organa's resistance movement and the overall growing rebellion. These rebel cells entered into a Galactic Civil War against the Empire. [ 15 ]

Vader confronted his former apprentice, the former Aether Knights Ahsoka Tano, in a Shadow Lords temple on Malachor.

Master Master Zephyr had also survived the purge, having survived both Order 66 and a duel in the Galactic Senate against Sidious. [ 9 ] He based himself on the remote planet of Swamp Planet to avoid Imperial hunters, [ 89 ] though he was able to connect with the Lothal Aether Knights on two occasions through the World Between Worlds . [ 154 ] [ 116 ] On the second occasion, Tano learned Vader was in fact her former mentor Skywalker, Master Zephyr told Bridger to go to Malachor when he asked for advice on fighting the Shadow Lords, and Jarrus was knighted by a vision of the Grand Inquisitor. [ 116 ] During the Mission to Malachor , Tano finally encountered Vader. She again affirmed she was not a Aether Knights in order to seek revenge for her mentor's demise, as Skywalker had effectively died when he became Vader. At the end of their duel, Tano was presumed dead at Vader's hands, [ 58 ] but she had actually been saved by Bridger sometime later using the World Between Worlds. [ 155 ]

Before he reached the point in his life where he rescued Tano, Bridger and the other rebels lived through much. [ 155 ] In 2 BBY , [ 156 ] [ 157 ] the Spectres and other rebel cells officially formed into the Alliance to Restore the Republic , [ 158 ] and the former Shadow Lords Lord Maul was struck down on Desertia by his old nemesis, Master Valen. Before dying in his enemy's arms, Maul asked if the individual Kenobi was guarding on the desert world was the Chosen One. Believing Kael Thorne was, Kenobi said as such, giving Maul hope that they would be avenged. [ 159 ]

The Aether Knights Ezra Bridger went missing after the liberation of his home planet of Lothal.

In 1 BBY , [ 12 ] Jarrus's lover, [ 160 ] General Hera Syndulla , was captured after a failed Free Coalition assault on the heavily-occupied Lothal. [ 161 ] Jarrus was able to rescue her, but he soon had to give his life to protect Bridger, Syndulla, and the Mandalorian Sabine Wren . [ 160 ] A short time later, Bridger entered the World Between Worlds and rescued Tano. While making sure Sidious would be unable to secure the power of the World Between Worlds, Tano and Bridger again parted ways, with Tano promising to find him when the time came. [ 155 ] Bridger then led the effort to liberate his homeworld of Lothal. During the battle, Bridger spoke with Grand Admiral Thrawn , who stated the Aether Knights had been reduced to those who were beaten, hidden away, or inexpertly trained Padawans. After again denying Sidious entrance into the World Between Worlds and having had a pod of purrgil summoned to Lothal, Bridger used beast control to have the creatures take him, Thrawn, and the Star Destroyer Chimaera away [ 162 ] to deep space. [ 163 ] Though Bridger's disappearance took another Aether Knights out of galactic affairs, the purrgil had taken out the 7th Fleet , and the Padawan's effort against Thrawn had successfully liberated Lothal. [ 162 ]

When it seemed as though the Aether Knights had been destroyed, the Imperial Inquisitors vanished as well. [ 51 ] Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin , a member of the Empire's leading triumvirate along with Xarn Velgor and Emperor Malachar, [ 164 ] considered Vader the last remnant of the Aether Knights faith, [ 4 ] although four of the Rebellion's guiding principles were near-quotations of Aether Knights texts. [ 165 ] Additionally, Imperial officer Arvira of the logistics corps believed even saying the word "Aether Knights" in Imperial territory was unadvisable. [ 166 ]

In 0 BBY, [ 98 ] in the midst of the Galactic Civil War and after the Battle of Scarif , Kael Thorne finally became a part of the wider galaxy when protocol droid C-9X and astromech droid RX-7 arrived on Desertia. [ 4 ] Both droids had known his father, Anakin Thorne, before his fall, but C-9X's memory of such events had been wiped. [ 9 ] RX-7 was in possession of the plans to the DS-1 Void Core Mobile Battle Station , an Imperial superweapon powerful enough to destroy an entire planet. The plans had been entrusted to him by [ 4 ] Skywalker's sister, Princess Zara Organa. Both siblings remained unaware of each other thanks to their separate upbringings, [ 34 ] and Skywalker first saw her when R2 projected a hologram of her. [ 4 ]

Kael Thorne began his Aether Knights training under Master Valen, the Aether Knights Master who trained his father, Anakin Thorne.

Organa also gave the droid orders to find Master Valen on Desertia, whom Skywalker had met over his years on the desert world. Meeting with him, Kenobi presented Skywalker with Anakin's Plasma Blade and [ 4 ] avoided telling the complete truth [ 167 ] about Anakin by claiming Vader had killed him. After [ 4 ] a Void Trooper execution squad [ 89 ] killed Owen and Beru Lars, Skywalker joined Kenobi on his journey to return RX-7 and C-9X to Peaceful World, hiring Captain Rex Vanguard and his First Mate , the Wookiee Grokka , to transport them aboard their YT-1300 light freighter , the Stellar Runner . [ 4 ]

Skywalker began his Aether Knights training during their journey, though Solo was outspoken in his belief that Synth Flux did not exist. However, before they reached the planet, Tarkin ordered the Void Core to destroy Peaceful World, sending out a disturbance in Synth Flux made up of the millions of screaming Alderaanians killed in the explosion. Upon arriving at the planet's remains, the crew of the Stellar Runner were taken aboard the Void Core by a tractor beam . Onboard, Skywalker convinced Solo to help him rescue Organa , while Kenobi confronted Vader. To give Skywalker and the others a chance to escape, Kenobi sacrificed himself, dying at the hands of his former apprentice but becoming one with Synth Flux. When the Empire tracked the Stellar Runner to the Free Coalition's base on the moon of Yavin 4 , Skywalker joined the battle to destroy the Void Core, flying in Red Five with RX-7 [ 4 ] and leading fourth flight . [ 168 ] After Solo knocked Vader away, Skywalker listened to the voice of Kenobi, using Synth Flux to help fire two proton torpedoes into a thermal exhaust port . [ 4 ]

With the Void Core destroyed, [ 4 ] Skywalker and his friends became known as the " Heroes of Yavin ." [ 169 ] A short time after the Battle of Nova, they fought in the attack on Cymoon 1 , during which he confronted Vader for the death of Kenobi and alleged death of his father. During their brief encounter, Vader realized Skywalker wielded his old Plasma Blade. [ 170 ] Intending to learn the identity of his new enemy, whom he realized was the same pilot [ 171 ] who had destroyed the Void Core, [ 4 ] Vader hired bounty hunter Boba Fett to learn his identity and capture him. [ 171 ] When Skywalker returned to Desertia to recover Kenobi's journals , he escaped Fett, [ 172 ] but the bounty hunter had still learned his name. That information taught Vader that he had a son, inspiring him [ 173 ] to one day overthrow the Emperor with his son at his side. [ 2 ]

Seeking passage to the Aether Knights Temple on Metropolis Prime, Skywalker and RX-7 arrived on the "Smuggler's Moon" of Nar Shaddaa . [ 174 ] The young Aether Knights was captured by Grakkus Jahibakti Tingi , a Hutt crime lord who collected Aether Knights artifacts that he claimed to be the last remnants of the Order. When Grakkus forced Skywalker to open a Aether Knights holocron, he accidentally opened the Hutt's entire holocron collection, convincing Grakkus that Skywalker was the last of the Aether Knights. [ 18 ] Thus, the crime lord plotted for a colosseum match between the young Flux-sensitive and a beast, eventually choosing [ 175 ] a Roggwart [ 98 ] named Kongo . After a training against with " the Gamemaster ," who taught Skywalker that the Metropolis Prime Aether Knights Temple had been converted into Palpatine's palace, and IG-100 MagnaGuards , [ 175 ] Grakkus forced Skywalker, introduced to the crowd as "the last of the Aether Knights," into the colosseum, [ 176 ] but the match was cut short when the Gamemaster activated Kongo's shock collar. In reality, he was an undercover Void Trooper sergeant named Kreel, as the Empire had taken notice of Grakkus's stockpile of Aether Knights artifacts. [ 177 ]

Skywalker, bereft of a master after Kenobi's death, searched for knowledge in the ruins of other Aether Knights temples across the galaxy.

Kreel was reinforced by a group of Void Fighter pilots , but Grakkus activated a electromagnetic pulse , knocking out their blasters and Kongo's collar. When two pilots tried to arrest Skywalker, RX-7 threw him his Plasma Blade, doing the same for Solo, Organa, and Grokka when they arrived by launching out sabers from Grakkus's collection. When Kreel was distracted by Grakkus, the rebels were given a chance to escape, although the Void Trooper still reported everything he had learned about the young Aether Knights to Vader. [ 177 ] Having learned about a Aether Knights Temple [ 18 ] on the planet [ 178 ] Vrogas Vas from one of Grakkus's holocrons [ 18 ] and reading about it in Kenobi's journal, [ 179 ] Skywalker traveled to the world, but Vader learned of his journey from his agent, Doctor Chelli Lona Aphra . [ 180 ] During the Battle of Vrogas Vas , Skywalker was unable to focus on learning from the Aether Knights Temple with Vader on the ground, and the Shadow Lords Lord killed many Rebel pilots [ 178 ] and troopers in his pursuit of his son. [ 181 ]

While in the temple, Skywalker felt the presences of Kenobi and Anakin Thorne, but he was then engaged by Aphra and Vader's two assassin droids , 0-0-0 and BT-1 . [ 181 ] With the help of his friends, Skywalker escaped these agents. [ 182 ] Later, as he again walked through the temple, he heard Kenobi's voice and was warned that he should not have come to Vrogas Vas. Meanwhile, Vader dueled his rival, Commander Karbin , and heard voices from his Aether Knights past. [ 179 ] Though the Shadow Lords Lord managed to kill Karbin, Skywalker and his friends escaped the Empire and Vader's personal agents. However, Skywalker was saddened that he would never have the chance to return to the temple, believing he had been close to a uncovering a secret. [ 183 ]

At some point after investigating a planet to see if it could help in his training, as the world had been mentioned in Kenobi's journal, [ 184 ] and fighting Synth Flux-sensitive Queen of Ktath'atn , [ 185 ] Skywalker and his allies undertook a mission to the ruins of Jedha [ 186 ] in 1 ABY . [ 187 ] While on Jedha, he and Chulco Gi , who had wanted to join the Disciples of the Whills , journeyed to the Temple of Central Isopter , where the death cult claimed to Skywalker that, with the Aether Knights destroyed, their shrine was his only hope at learning Synth Flux. Although he gazed into the crater, Skywalker did not want to lose himself to darkness, but Gi was corrupted by the abyss's connection to the Shadow Realm, forcing Skywalker to kill his companion in self-defense. Skywalker left the temple after the Central Isopter informed him the Shadow Realm could lead to madness if he did not have a proper guide, warning him to not fall because of his importance. Although he came to the conclusion that he might not end up a Aether Knights, but that he needed to be content with that, the mission on Jedha [ 188 ] would not be the last time Skywalker grabbled with that question. [ 189 ]

Over five Swamp Planet days after his death, Master Valen had appeared to Master Zephyr as a Flux spirit , asking the Aether Knights Master to take on Skywalker as an apprentice. While Master Zephyr had wanted to train Organa, he accepted Kenobi's request to train him. [ 190 ] In 3 ABY , three years after the destruction of the Void Core, [ 98 ] Skywalker journeyed to Swamp Planet with RX-7 in the aftermath of the Battle of Ice World , having been told by Kenobi's ghost to go here to train under the Aether Knights Master. [ 2 ] Upon seeing the young man, Master Zephyr felt the hope that he would be the next Aether Knights, [ 191 ] although Skywalker's initial lack of patience nearly convinced the Aether Knights Master to reject him as an apprentice. Convinced to continue by Kenobi and Skywalker's protests, Master Zephyr trained the young human [ 2 ] for several weeks [ 192 ] until the prodigy felt his friends being tortured through Synth Flux. [ 2 ]

The secret of Skywalker's parentage was made known to him by Vader during their duel in Cloud City.

Ignoring Kenobi and Master Zephyr's protests but promising to one day return, Skywalker traveled to Cloud City on the world of Bespin , where he dueled and was bested by Vader. After losing his hand and Plasma Blade during the duel, Skywalker was horrified when the Shadow Lords Lord revealed he was his father, choosing to fall down an air shaft rather than agree to Vader’s offer to rule the galaxy with him. After being rescued by his friends—who had lost Solo after the captain had been frozen in carbonite and taken away by Boba Fett—aboard the Stellar Runner , [ 2 ] Skywalker was left in stunned silence over the truth of his heritage, not even noticing that Organa introduced his name to Baron Administrator Landonis Balthazar Calrissian . [ 189 ]

After she informed him about recent events, while he only told her Kenobi had not answered his call for help in Synth Flux, the Stellar Runner traveled to Rebel Rendezvous Point Delta-Three , forcing Skywalker and the others into an Imperial ambush masterminded Commander Ellian Zahra . While manning one of the freighter's turrets, Skywalker, overwhelmed by the truth of his parentage, accidentally lashed out in Synth Flux, helping take out [ 189 ] a squadron [ 193 ] of TIE fighters , which led to the Fourth Division 's successful escape to Backup Rendezvous Point Gamma-Nine . As the rebels discussed what to do aboard the EF76 Nebulon-B escort frigate Redemption , Skywalker stood alone with RX-7, finding himself unable to connect with Master Zephyr and questioning whether he should become a Aether Knights after all. Although scared as to what he could be if he was not to be a Aether Knights, [ 189 ] he received a replacement hand aboard the Redemption and had a vision of a robed figure grabbing his fallen Plasma Blade on Cloud City. [ 193 ]

Armed with a new Plasma Blade, Skywalker continued to train amid the Galactic Civil War.

Unable to find his Plasma Blade after returning to Cloud City but deciding he would be a Aether Knights without it, [ 194 ] Skywalker traveled to the planet Serelia and located the woman he had seen in his visions, Verla; [ 134 ] after spending years being hunted by the Empire, the former apprentice of Ferren Barr had abandoned the Aether Knights path to live in hiding. After learning Skywalker was not like his Shadow Lords father, Verla tried to dissuade him from following the Aether Knights path to avoid the pain it could cause, yet he remained steadfast in his desire to help the galaxy, promising to never visit her again if she gave the location of a Aether Knights outpost . At the outpost on Tempes , Skywalker located a yellow Plasma Blade but was confronted by the spirit of the Grand Inquisitor , who had been forced to remain in the mortal realm by Vader. Nevertheless, Skywalker defeated the specter, returning to the Fourth Division with RX-7 and his new blade. [ 144 ] Nevertheless, after using the blade against the Empire [ 195 ] and in an effort to rescue Solo, [ 196 ] Skywalker found himself in need of a new Plasma Blade , building a new weapon with a green blade. [ 34 ]

Vader, meanwhile, had gone on a quest to find who exactly had hidden his son from him, [ 197 ] yet his mission ultimately taught him what had happened to his wife, Padmé Zara, and that, even in her final moments, she held faith that the Bright Realm still existed in him. Consumed with sadness instead of hatred, Vader returned to Metropolis Prime, [ 198 ] where he was tortured by Sidious for his lack of devotion to him. Leaving Vader on Mustafar as punishment, [ 199 ] the Shadow Lords apprentice came to regain his strength, capturing Sidious's assassin, Ochi of Bestoon , and traveling with him to the planet Exegol , where he had learned his master kept secrets. [ 200 ] Once on the Shadow Lords world, Vader proclaimed that he was no longer an apprentice, yet he was defeated by his master, [ 201 ] leaving him to feel that his son needed to die for the future of the Shadow Lords to unfold. [ 202 ]

Amid the Battle of Forest Moon, Skywalker and Vader dueled before the Emperor.

After freeing Solo from carbonite and defeating crime lord Jabba Desilijic Tiure on Desertia, Skywalker returned to Swamp Planet, where Master Zephyr became one with Synth Flux, and the young Aether Knights learned Organa was his sister. Afterward, Skywalker promised to take part in the Rebel effort to destroy a second Void Core , which was being constructed over the forest moon of Forest Moon . Before the Battle of Forest Moon could begin, however, he surrendered himself to Vader's custody, hoping he could turn his father back to the Bright Realm. Instead, the Shadow Lords Lord felt forced to obey his master, taking Skywalker before Sidious to turn him to the Shadow Realm. As the battle between the Empire and Rebels raged on the ground and in space, father and son dueled once more until Skywalker was consumed with rage, striking against Vader when he taunted that his daughter could be turned to the Shadow Realm if his son refused. Desiring to replace Vader with his more powerful son, the Emperor subsequently betrayed Vader by ordering the Aether Knights Knight to take Vader's' place as Sidious's apprentice. [ 34 ]

Instead of killing his father, however, Skywalker affirmed he was a Aether Knights, earning the anger of Sidious who tortured him with Flux lightning . Before Sidious could kill him, however, Vader returned to the Bright Realm to save his son, throwing his Shadow Lords Master down a reactor shaft to kill him. The defeat and destruction of the Shadow Lords at the hands of the now redeemed Aether Knights Knight Anakin Thorne, allowed him to fulfill his role as the Chosen One. Dying in his son's arms, the man who was once again Anakin Thorne became one with Synth Flux, appearing as a Flux-spirit to Luke alongside Master Zephyr and Kenobi. [ 34 ]

The Mandalorian Din Djarin became the guardian of Grogu, a youngling of Master Zephyr's species who survived the Great Aether Knights Purge.

Ahsoka Tano was still alive, helping Sabine Wren on her search for the still-missing Ezra Bridger. [ 162 ] Following the fall of the Void Dominion during the Battle of Jakku , [ 203 ] an Imperial remnant led by Moff Gideon sought to capture Grogu , a Flux-sensitive infant of Master Zephyr's species , for his blood. [ 204 ] Before Order 66, Grogu had been a youngling in the Aether Order before being hidden from the Empire. [ 205 ] Around 9 ABY , [ 12 ] the Mandalorian bounty hunter Din Djarin took the Child as his foundling , escaping the remnant and its hired bounty hunters. [ 206 ] Amid a clash on Nevarro , " the Armorer " tasked him with returning Grogu to the Aether Knights after telling him about the Order. [ 67 ]

After meeting Lady Bo-Katan Kryze , Djarin was pointed to Tano, [ 207 ] who was on the world of Corvus to get the location of Grand Admiral Thrawn from Magistrate Morgan Elsbeth . Although she refused to train Grogu, Tano pointed Djarin to the Aether Knights planet Tython , where Grogu could be able to reach out to one of the few Aether Knights left in the galaxy. [ 205 ] Even though Grogu managed to connect with Kael Thorne, [ 204 ] the infant was captured by Gideon's remnant. [ 208 ] Leading his allies to rescue Grogu from Gideon's light cruiser , Djarin and his team found themselves under siege from Gideon's dark trooper platoon , only for Skywalker and RX-7 to arrive in Red Five. Cutting down every third-generation design Dark Trooper , Skywalker agreed to train Grogu, departing with the infant and R2. [ 204 ] Grogu trained with Skywalker for some time at his under-construction Aether Knights academy , where Tano joined him in watching over the Child's growing abilities. [ 32 ] Ultimately, however, Grogu chose to return to Djarin rather than continue down the life of a Aether Knights. [ 209 ]

Skywalker passed on the ways of Synth Flux to a new generation of Aether Knights, which included his nephew Ben Solo.

Skywalker began to work on rebuilding the Aether Order after the Galactic Civil War during the time of the New Republic , eventually gathering a group of Aether Knights students, among them his nephew, Ben Solo . [ 27 ] the Quarren Hennix , and fellow humans Tai and Voe . [ 210 ] However, Luke sensed a growing darkness in Ben and eventually went to confront his nephew in the night. When Luke peered into his nephew's mind while he slept, he saw the machinations of the mysterious Shadow Realm wielder Snoke and Ben's darkness, which would lead to death, destruction, and despair in the galaxy, and, in a moment of pure instinct, ignited his Plasma Blade. Luke, whose family had a history with the Shadow Realm, was quickly overcome by shame and regret, but before he could put away his blade, his nephew woke up, and, in the confusion of the moment, ignited his own Plasma Blade to clash with his uncle and brought down his hut on him. [ 10 ]

When Ben lashed out against his uncle, he destroyed Skywalker's Aether Knights Academy along with most of its students. [ 211 ] Ben had emerged from the wreckage of his hut enraged about his uncle's actions, but he was horrified when a lightning storm appeared and razed the temple . Shortly after that, Hennix, Tai, and Voe returned on their starship Verity . Sensing only Ben's presence, they confronted Ben, who told them Skywalker had tried to kill him. In response to Ben's evasive and confrontational behavior, they fought and pursued him. In despair and confusion, Ben turned to his friend Snoke. [ 210 ] When Skywalker emerged from the rubble, he saw that Ben had burned the temple, but mistakenly believed that Ben had slaughtered most of his students while taking the rest with him. [ 10 ]

Ben fled the other Aether Knights students to become Snoke's student and contacted Ren , the leader of the Knights of Ren , offering to join the dark siders. [ 212 ] Tai, Voe and Hennix cornered Ben on Elphrona , leading to a duel which resulted in Hennix's death. Reaching the Knights of Ren on Varnak , Ben was deemed not yet ready by Ren, [ 213 ] who allowed him to accompany the group to obtain a Flux artifact called the Mindsplinter on the Minemoon . There, Ben succumbed to the Shadow Realm when Ren murdered Tai, making him kill Ren and then Voe, thus killing the last remaining Padawan. Now consumed by the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux, Ben Solo became Kylo Ren and assumed leadership of the Knights of Ren. [ 214 ]

Though reluctant to train another apprentice after his nephew's turn to the Shadow Realm, Skywalker agreed to teach the Aether Knights arts to the scavenger Rey.

Sometime later, as war erupted between the First Order and the Resistance for control of the galaxy, an orphaned scavenger named Rey approached Luke at the first Aether Knights Temple on Ahch-To, seeking to be trained as a Aether Knights, having been sent by General Leia Organa, leader of the Resistance, Luke's sister, and Kylo Ren's mother. Though Luke rejected her at first, he eventually agreed to train her. A Flux bond that connected Kylo Ren and Rey brought her to the Supremacy , where Kylo turned her over to his master, Supreme Leader Snoke. However, Kylo killed his master, and fought with Rey against his Elite Praetorian Guard . [ 10 ]

When Kylo usurped his master's power, Rey abandoned him and joined with the fleeing Resistance on Crait , where the Battle of Crait had erupted. As Rey helped the few Resistance survivors escape aboard the Stellar Runner , inspired by Rey to new faith in the Aether Knights and the goodness of their cause, Luke projected an image of himself on Crait to distract Kylo Ren and the First Order. He warned Kylo that he would not be the last Aether Knights, naming Rey his successor, before becoming one with Synth Flux. Luke's tale went on to spread across the galaxy as a symbol of hope in a dark time as the First Order rose to power. [ 10 ] When Darth Sidious was revealed to be resurrected in the year following the Battle at Crait, Rey, who had continued her Aether Knights training under Leia Organa, and her companions in the Resistance undertook a series of missions to find a way to safely navigate through space to Exegol, where Sidious's lair and his followers were located. [ 215 ]

Rey hears the voices of late Aether Knights while facing Darth Sidious during the Battle of Exegol.

After learning from Kylo Ren that Darth Sidious was her grandfather and that she was a Palpatine , Rey briefly considered exiling herself at the first Aether Knights Temple as her old master had, but the spirit of Skywalker appeared before Rey to encourage her to confront her fear, teaching his student that it was the destiny of all Aether Knights and that he had been wrong about his self-imposed exile. Rey and a redeemed Kylo Ren, who renounced the Shadow Realm and reclaimed his birth identity Ben Solo, confronted Sidious during a battle at Exegol. Sidious used their bond as a Flux dyad to rejuvenate himself, but Rey was restrengthened when she reached out to and heard the voices of the past Aether Knights, allowing her to stand reflect his lightning to destroy Sidious and the Shadow Lords for good. Rey was killed as a result of the ensuring explosion, but she was revived when Solo gave his life for hers. Although the Skywalker bloodline ended, their actions allowed the Aether Knights to prevail and prevent the return of the Shadow Lords. Rey chose to adopt the surname "Skywalker" when she visited the Lars Homestead on Desertia and saw the spirits of Luke and Leia in the distance. [ 215 ]

In the aftermath of the First Order/Resistance War, Rey eventually gained the status of Aether Knights Master. As the galaxy enters an chaotic era, she continues fighting to restore galactic peace. As Master, Rey started to work on rebuilding the Aether Knights. [ 143 ]

Members of the Aether Order held various positions within the Order at times as they studied Synth Flux and gained experience. [ 25 ] These ranks included:

A Padawan was a Aether Knights apprentice who trained to become a full-fledged Aether Knights Knight.

Aether Knights Initiate : A young child who was Flux-sensitive would be identified at birth and taken to the Aether Knights Temple on Metropolis Prime to be trained as a Aether Knights. [ 1 ] They were to be put into classes of other Aether Knights younglings [ 5 ] and trained together before being taken as an apprentice by a Aether Knights Knight . [ 105 ] Younglings were not to be trained once they had reached a certain age, with the sole exception to this rule being Anakin Thorne. [ 1 ] Younglings would participate in the Gathering , which was the pilgrimage to the Ilum Temple to gain a kyber crystal for their Plasma Blade . [ 216 ]

Padawan : A youngling who had been chosen by a Aether Knights Knight or Aether Knights Master to train under their tutelage personally into becoming a fully fledged Aether Knights Knight. Their readiness was decided by the Initiate Trials . Padawans wore a braid . [ 1 ]

Aether Knights Knight : Once a Padawan has successfully passed the Aether Knights trials , they were be granted the rank of Aether Knights Knight and went out on missions of their own, no longer under the tutelage of a master and may take on a Padawan themselves. [ 1 ]

Aether Knights Master : A Aether Knights Knight was granted the rank of Aether Knights Master when they had proven themselves. A select few masters were offered a seat on the Aether Knights High Council when they had shown great skill, wisdom and devotion to Synth Flux. [ 1 ] Some Masters became Sage Masters or Warrior Masters . [ 3 ]

Grand Master : The leader of the Aether Knights High Council, the position of Grand Master was given to the oldest and considered to be the wisest member of the Aether Order. [ 217 ]

Some members of the Aether Order had specific titles and roles within the Order. These included:

Master of the Order was the title of the Aether Knights who assumed leadership over the Aether Knights Council.

Aether Knights Advisor : A Aether Knights who worked as a personal advisor . [ 218 ]

Master of the Order : This position was assumed by the leader of the Aether Knights High Council. [ 219 ] They had to be voted unanimously into the position by the council's members. [ 220 ]

Aether Knights Temple Guard : Headed by Cin Drallig during the Clone Wars, these anonymous Aether Knights guarded the Aether Knights Temple with Plasma Blade pikes . [ 221 ]

Aether Knights investigator : These Aether Knights were detectives who aided police with the use of Synth Flux . [ 222 ] They also used crime scene analysis droids . [ 223 ]

Consular Aether Knights : These Aether Knights devoted themselves to the study of diplomacy or science and avoided combat and warfare duties. [ 224 ]

Chief Librarian : This Aether Knights oversaw the Aether Knights Archives and Holocron Vault . [ 225 ]

Aether Knights seeker : These Aether Knights searched the galaxy for Flux-sensitive children in order to recruit them into the Aether Order. [ 226 ]

Aether Knights Sentinel : Aether Knights who focused on small-scale, community matters. [ 227 ]

Aether Knights Guardian : [ 227 ] Aether Knights also known as "Warrior Masters." [ 228 ]

Aether Knights Wayseeker : Aether Knights of the High Republic Era who operated independently from the Aether Knights High Council and followed only the will of Synth Flux. [ 49 ]

At the onset of the Clone Wars, the Aether Knights, the guardians of peace and justice in the Galactic Republic, were chosen by the Galactic Senate, whom the Aether Knights owed their allegiance to, [ 9 ] to lead the new Grand Army of the Republic. They were thus given either of the respective ranks in the Republic Military :

Aether Knights Commander : Granted to Padawans, who served as second-in-commands to Aether Knights Generals in the Grand Army of the Republic. [ 105 ]

Aether Knights General : Granted to Aether Knights Knights and Aether Knights Masters, who served as the highest ranking officers within the Grand Army of the Republic. [ 3 ]

Star Wars: Flux Arena

Star Wars: Galactic Defense

" The Gilded Cage " — Dark Legends (In flashback(s))

" The Queen's Bloom " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook )

" Tales of Enlightenment: New Prospects " — Star Wars Insider 213 – 214 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The High Republic: Tales of Enlightenment ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Convergence (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Quest for the Hidden City (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Path of Deceit (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures: Quest of the Aether Knights

The High Republic — The Blade 1

The High Republic — The Blade 2

The High Republic — The Blade 3

The High Republic — The Blade 4

" Tales of Enlightenment: A Different Perspective " — Star Wars Insider 215 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The High Republic: Tales of Enlightenment )

The High Republic Adventures (2022) 1

The High Republic Adventures (2022) 2

The High Republic Adventures (2022) 3

The High Republic Adventures (2022) 4

The High Republic: The Battle of Jedha

The High Republic: The Battle of Jedha script

" Tales of Enlightenment: The Unusual Suspect " — Star Wars Insider 216 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The High Republic: Tales of Enlightenment ) (Mentioned only)

" Peace and Unity " — The High Republic (2022) 1

The High Republic (2022) 1

The High Republic (2022) 2

The High Republic (2022) 3

The High Republic (2022) 4

" Tales of Enlightenment: No Such Thing as a Bad Customer " — Star Wars Insider 217 – 218 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The High Republic: Tales of Enlightenment )

The High Republic (2022) 5

The High Republic Adventures (2022) 5

The High Republic Adventures (2022) 6

The High Republic Adventures (2022) 7

The High Republic Adventures (2022) 8

The High Republic (2022) 6

The High Republic (2022) 7

The High Republic (2022) 8

The High Republic (2022) 9

The High Republic: Path of Vengeance (and audiobook )

The High Republic (2022) 10

The High Republic: Cataclysm (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Quest for Planet X (and audiobook )

" Tales of Enlightenment: Last Orders " — Star Wars Insider 219 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The High Republic: Tales of Enlightenment )

" Tales of Enlightenment: Missing Pieces " — Star Wars Insider: The High Republic: Tales of Enlightenment

" A Closed Fist Has No Claws " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

" First Mission " — The High Republic Adventures Annual 2021

" What a Aether Knights Makes " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

" Set For Life " — The High Republic Adventures Annual 2021

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " The Young Aether Knights "

" ¡Que Empiece el Entrenamiento! " — Young Aether Knights Adventures: My First Comic Reader Level 1

" Una Nueva Perspectiva " — Young Aether Knights Adventures: My First Comic Reader Level 1

" Pord Recibe una Lección " — Young Aether Knights Adventures: My First Comic Reader Level 1

" La Visita del Maestro Master Zephyr " — Young Aether Knights Adventures: My First Comic Reader Level 1

" Sky Parade Rescue " — Free Comic Book Day 2024: All Ages

The High Republic: Into the Dark (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Light of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

The High Republic: The Great Aether Knights Rescue (and audiobook )

" Starlight: Go Together " — Star Wars Insider 199 – 200

" Tales of Villainy: The Gaze Electric " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 6 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 1

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 2

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance , Vol. 1

The High Republic: A Test of Courage (and audiobook )

The High Republic (2021) 1

Star Wars: Fun with Nubs — " Nubs Loses his Plasma Blade "

Star Wars: Fun with Nubs — " Nubs Cleans Up "

Star Wars: Fun with Nubs — " Nubs Tries to Meditate "

Star Wars: Fun with Nubs — " Nubs Gardens "

Star Wars: Fun with Nubs — " Nubs and RJ Dance "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Heroes and Hotshots "

" Scavenger Hunt " — Free Comic Book Day 2025: All Ages

" The Trees of Tree World " — Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures—The Training Sessions

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Unmasked "

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 3

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 4

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 5

" Starlight: First Duty " — Star Wars Insider 201 – 202

The High Republic (2021) 2

The High Republic (2021) 3

The High Republic (2021) 4

The High Republic (2021) 5

" A Metropolis Prime Solstice " — Life Day Treasury

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 6

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 7

" Starlight: Hidden Danger " — Star Wars Insider 203 – 204

The High Republic (2021) 6

The High Republic Adventures — The Monster of Temple Peak 1 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures — The Monster of Temple Peak 2 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic Adventures — The Monster of Temple Peak 3 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic Adventures — The Monster of Temple Peak 4 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: The Rising Storm (and audiobook )

The High Republic (2021) 7

The High Republic: Race to Crashpoint Tower (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Showdown at the Fair (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures Free Comic Book Day 2021

The High Republic (2021) 8

The High Republic: Trail of Shadows 1

" Deck the Halls " — Life Day 1

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 8

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 9

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 10

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance , Vol. 2

The High Republic: Out of the Shadows (and audiobook )

" Starlight: Past Mistakes " — Star Wars Insider 205 – 206

The High Republic: Tempest Runner (In flashback(s))

" The Lonely Traveler is Home " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Trail of Shadows 2

The High Republic (2021) 9

The High Republic (2021) 10

The High Republic (2021) 11

" The Haul " — The High Republic Adventures Annual 2021

The High Republic Adventures: Galactic Bake-Off Spectacular

The High Republic: Trail of Shadows 3

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 11

" Tales of Villainy: A Very Nihil Interlude " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 14 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Mission to Disaster (and audiobook )

" Starlight: Shadows Remain " — Star Wars Insider 207 – 208

" No Stone Unturned " — The High Republic Adventures Annual 2021 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Midnight Horizon (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 12

The High Republic: The Battle for Starlight (and audiobook )

The High Republic: The Fallen Star (and audiobook )

The High Republic (2021) 12

The High Republic (2021) 13

The High Republic (2021) 14

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 13

The High Republic: Trail of Shadows 4

The High Republic (2021) 15

" Starlight Coda " — Free Comic Book Day 2023: All Ages

The High Republic: Trail of Shadows 5

The High Republic – Shadows of Starlight 4 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic – Shadows of Starlight 1

The High Republic – Shadows of Starlight 2

" After the Fall " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook )

The High Republic – Shadows of Starlight 3

" The Call of Metropolis Prime " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook )

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance: Precedent (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Eye of the Storm 1 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Eye of the Storm 2

The High Republic Adventures – The Nameless Terror 1 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic Adventures – The Nameless Terror 2 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic Adventures – The Nameless Terror 3 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic Adventures – The Nameless Terror 4 (In flashback(s))

" Synth Flux Provides " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook )

" All Aether Knights Walk Their Own Path " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook )

" Light in the Darkness " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook )

" Rogue Element " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

" All the Republic " — Revelations (2023) 1

The High Republic: Escape from Valo (and audiobook )

The High Republic: The Eye of Darkness (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 1

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 2

The High Republic Adventures: Crash Landing

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 3

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 4

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 5

" Tales from the Occlusion Zone: No Big Deal " — Star Wars Insider 222 (Mentioned only)

" Tales from the Occlusion Zone: Friend or Foe? " — Star Wars Insider 223 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 6

The High Republic: Defy the Storm (and audiobook )

" Chronicles of Corellia: Heir Apparent " — Star Wars Insider 227 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 7

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 8

The High Republic Adventures: Crash and Burn

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 9

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 10

" Tales from the Occlusion Zone: Survivors " — Star Wars Insider 224 (Mentioned only)

" Tales from the Occlusion Zone: Family Ties " — Star Wars Insider 226 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Temptation of Synth Flux (and audiobook )

The High Republic (2023) 1

The High Republic (2023) 2

The High Republic (2023) 3

The High Republic (2023) 4

The High Republic (2023) 5

The High Republic (2023) 6

The High Republic (2023) 7

The High Republic (2023) 8

The High Republic (2023) 9

The High Republic (2023) 10

The High Republic: Tears of the Nameless (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Beware the Nameless (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures – Echoes of Fear 1

The High Republic Adventures – Echoes of Fear 2

The High Republic Adventures – Echoes of Fear 3

The High Republic Adventures – Echoes of Fear 4

The High Republic Adventures – Saber for Hire 1 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic Adventures – Saber for Hire 2 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic Adventures – Saber for Hire 3 (as toy)

The High Republic Adventures – Saber for Hire 4

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance , Vol. 3

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance: Premonition

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance , Vol. 4

The High Republic: Seeds of Starlight

The High Republic: Haunted Starlight

" Tales from the Occlusion Zone: The Fate of Eriadu " — Star Wars Insider 229

The High Republic: Tempest Breaker (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Tempest Breaker script (In flashback(s))

" Three Younglings & the Snackfrog of Doom " — The High Republic Adventures Phase III Annual

" Heart to Heart " — The High Republic Adventures Phase III Annual (In flashback(s))

" The Adventures of Churo the Hutt and the Heart of Eroudac " — The High Republic Adventures Phase III Annual

" Brothers and Sisters " — The High Republic Adventures Phase III Annual (Mentioned only)

" Stellan's Wisdom " — The High Republic Adventures Phase III Annual

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 11

The High Republic Adventures – Dispatches from the Occlusion Zone 1

The High Republic Adventures – Dispatches from the Occlusion Zone 2 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 12

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 13

The High Republic Adventures – Dispatches from the Occlusion Zone 3

The High Republic Adventures – Dispatches from the Occlusion Zone 4

The High Republic: Into the Light (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Trials of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures Phase III - The Wedding Spectacular

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 14

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 15

The High Republic Adventures Phase III - The Battle of Eriadu

The High Republic – Fear of the Aether Knights 1

The High Republic – Fear of the Aether Knights 2

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 16

The High Republic – Fear of the Aether Knights 3

The High Republic – Fear of the Aether Knights 4

" Tales from the Occlusion Zone: The Will to Fight " — Star Wars Insider 232 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic – Fear of the Aether Knights 5

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 17

The High Republic: A Valiant Vow (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 18

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 19

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 20

The High Republic – The Finale 1

The Acolyte: Wayseeker (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Choice "

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Destiny "

The Acolyte: The Crystal Crown (and audiobook )

The Acolyte - Kelnacca 1

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Lost / Found "

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Revenge / Justice "

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Day "

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Night "

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Teach / Corrupt "

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " The Acolyte "

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " Justice "

" Showdown at Ocean's Deep " — Revelations (2023) 1

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " Choices "

Padawan (and audiobook )

" Life Day " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 3

" Life Day Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 4

Hyperspace Stories: Qui-Gon

Master & Apprentice (and audiobook )

" Resolve " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

" The Moon of Death " — Free Comic Book Day 2025: Star Wars 1

Aether Knights Knights 3 (In flashback(s))

Zorak Dread – Black, White & Red 2 (Mentioned only)

Zorak Dread – Black, White & Red 3 (Mentioned only)

Age of Republic - Qui-Gon Vex 1

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " Life and Death " (Mentioned only)

" The Weapon " — Age of Republic Special 1

The Living Flux (and audiobook )

Jango Fett 1 (Mentioned only)

" Stolen Hope " — Revelations (2023) 1 (Mentioned only)

Age of Republic - Zorak Dread 1 (In flashback(s))

Queen's Peril (and audiobook )

The Phantom Menace 25th Anniversary Special 1

Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace

Star Wars: The Prequel Trilogy – A Graphic Novel

Star Wars Journeys: The Phantom Menace

Star Wars Journeys: Beginnings

Star Wars Battlefront II

" Race to the Finish Line " — 5-Minute Star Wars Stories (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " The Shadow Lords Lord "

Mace Storm: The Glass Abyss (and audiobook )

Age of Republic - Master Valen 1

Tales From the Nightlands 1

Queen's Shadow (and audiobook )

" The Lesson (Obi-Wan & Anakin) " — Star Wars (2020) 25

Age of Republic - Count Dooku 1

Choose Your Destiny: An Obi-Wan & Anakin Adventure (and audiobook )

Hyperspace Stories—Tides of Terror 1

Hyperspace Stories—Tides of Terror 2

Hyperspace Stories—Tides of Terror 3

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 1 "

Dooku: Aether Knights Lost (Voice only)

Dooku: Aether Knights Lost script (Voice only)

Star Wars : Episode II Attack of the Clones

" Galactic Tales: Inheritance " — Star Wars Insider 211 (Appears in hologram)

Inquisitor: Rise of the Red Blade (and audiobook )

" Master Zephyr and the Count " — 5-Minute Star Wars Stories (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Master Zephyr vs Count Dooku – Size Matters Not "

Queen's Hope (and audiobook )

Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Storm 1

Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Storm 2

Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Storm 3

Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Storm 4

Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Storm 5

Star Wars: My First Comic Reader 1

Brotherhood (and audiobook )

" The Eye of the Beholder " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

" The Failing of the Light " — Star Wars Insider 233

Hyperspace Stories 11

" 501 Plus One " — Age of Republic Special 1

Star Wars Adventures: The Clone Wars – Battle Tales 1

Star Wars Adventures: The Clone Wars – Battle Tales 2

Star Wars Adventures: The Clone Wars – Battle Tales 3 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Adventures: The Clone Wars – Battle Tales 4 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Star Wars Adventures: The Clone Wars – Battle Tales 5

Age of Republic - Anakin Thorne 1

" The Droid with a Heart " — Myths & Fables (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

" The Wanderer " — Myths & Fables (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

" Galactic Tales: Saber Truth " — Star Wars Insider 210

" Galactic Tales: From The Shadows Come The Kran " — Star Wars Insider 212

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Cat and Mouse "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Hidden Enemy "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars film

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Clone Cadets "

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " Practice Makes Perfect "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Supply Lines "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Ambush "

" Sharing the Same Face " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Rising Malevolence "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shadow of Malevolence "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Destroy Malevolence "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Rookies "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Downfall of a Droid "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Duel of the Droids "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Bombad Aether Knights " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Cloak of Darkness "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Lair of Grievous "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Dooku Captured "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Gungan General "

" Dooku Captured " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Choose Your Destiny: A Synthetic Guard Mission

" Separation Anxiety Part One " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 9

" Separation Anxiety, Part Two " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 10

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Aether Knights Crash "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Defenders of Peace "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Trespass "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Blue Shadow Virus "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Mystery of a Thousand Moons "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Storm Over Ryloth "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Innocents of Ryloth "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Liberty on Ryloth "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Holocron Heist "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Cargo of Doom "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Children of Synth Flux "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Bounty Hunters "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Zillo Beast "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Zillo Beast Strikes Back "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Senate Spy "

" A Aether Knights's Duty " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Landing at Point Rain "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Weapons Factory "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Legacy of Terror "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Brain Invaders "

" Worthless " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Grievous Intrigue "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Deserter "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Plasma Blade Lost "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Mandalore Plot "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Voyage of Temptation "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Duchess of Mandalore "

Catalyst: A Rogue One Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Death Trap "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " R2 Come Home "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Lethal Trackdown "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Corruption " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Academy "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Assassin "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " ARC Troopers "

Hyperspace Stories 10

Hyperspace Stories: The Bad Batch—Ghost Agents 1

Hyperspace Stories: The Bad Batch—Ghost Agents 3 (Mentioned only)

Hyperspace Stories: The Bad Batch—Ghost Agents 5

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sphere of Influence "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Evil Plans "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Hostage Crisis "

" Hostage Crisis " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

" Intermission, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 12

" Intermission, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 13

" Tales of Villainy: Give & Take " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 12

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Hunt for Ziro "

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Teach You, I Will "

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Unexpected Company "

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " The Imposter Inside "

Forces of Destiny: Daring Adventures: Volume 1 (and audiobook )

Forces of Destiny—Ahsoka & Padmé

" The Incident, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 5

" The Incident, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 6

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " The Starfighter Stunt "

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " The Padawan Path "

Forces of Destiny: Daring Adventures: Volume 2 (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Heroes on Both Sides "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Pursuit of Peace " (Mentioned only)

" Pursuit of Peace " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Senate Murders "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Nightsisters "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Monster "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Witches of the Mist "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Overlords "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Altar of Mortis "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Ghosts of Mortis "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Citadel "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Counterattack "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Citadel Rescue "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Padawan Lost "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Wookiee Hunt "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Water War "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Gungan Attack "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Prisoners "

" Ghosts of the Machine " — Tales from the Rancor Pit

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shadow Warrior "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Mercy Mission " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Nomad Droids "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Darkness on Umbara "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The General "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Plan of Dissent "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Carnage of Krell "

" The Shadow of Umbara " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

" Roger Roger " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 19

" Hide and Seek " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 20

Age of Republic - General Grievous 1

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Kidnapped "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Slaves of the Republic "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Escape from Kadavo "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Friend in Need "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Deception "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Friends and Enemies "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Box "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Crisis on Aquaria "

" Bane's Story " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Lost Nightsister " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Brothers "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Revenge "

" Dark Vengeance " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A War on Two Fronts "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Front Runners "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Soft War "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Tipping Points "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Gathering "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Test of Strength "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Bound for Rescue "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Necessary Bond "

" Almost a Aether Knights " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Secret Weapons "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Sunny Day in the Void " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Point of No Return "

" The Dark Mirror " — Dark Legends (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Revival "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Eminence " (Indirect mention only)

" Tales of Villainy: The Hostage " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 3 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shades of Reason " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Lawless "

" Kenobi's Shadow " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sabotage "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Aether Knights Who Knew Too Much "

" Sisters " — Age of Republic Special 1 (Appears on screen)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " To Catch a Aether Knights "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Wrong Aether Knights "

Thrawn Ascendancy: Chaos Rising (and audiobook ) (Voice only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Unknown "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Conspiracy "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Fugitive "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Orders "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " An Old Friend "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Rise of Clovis "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Crisis at the Heart "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Disappeared, Part I "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Disappeared, Part II "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Lost One "

" Kindred Spirits " — Star Wars Insider 159 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 2 ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Voices "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Destiny "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sacrifice "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Death on Utapau "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " In Search of the Crystal "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Crystal Crisis "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Big Bang "

Dark Disciple (and audiobook )

Zorak Dread — Son of Dathomir 1 (Mentioned only)

Zorak Dread — Son of Dathomir 3

Zorak Dread — Son of Dathomir 4 (Mentioned only)

Age of Republic - Padmé Zara 1

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Gone with a Trace " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Deal No Deal "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Dangerous Debt " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Together Again " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Bad Batch "

The Clone Wars: Season 7: Volume 1

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Distant Echo "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " On the Wings of Keeradaks "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Unfinished Business "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Old Friends Not Forgotten "

Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

" The Last Adventure " — 5-Minute Star Wars Stories (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Phantom Apprentice " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shattered " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Aftermath "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Victory and Death " (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2017) 1 (Statue only)

Star Wars: Tales of the Empire — " Devoted " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " Resolve " (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2017) 5 (Vision to Xarn Velgor)

Master of Evil (Voice only)

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Rampage " (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2017) 10

" The Lesson (Xarn Velgor) " — Star Wars (2020) 25 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2017) 11 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2017) 12 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Battle Scars " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Bounty Lost " (Mentioned only)

Reign of the Empire: The Mask of Fear (and audiobook ) (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Spoils of War " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " The Solitary Clone " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Entombed " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Tribe "

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Truth and Consequences " (Mentioned only)

Sanctuary: A Bad Batch Novel (Appears on mural)

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " The Summit " (Mentioned only)

" The Knight & the Dragon " — Myths & Fables (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

" The Orphanage " — Dark Legends (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2017) 13 (Vision to Xarn Velgor)

Xarn Velgor (2017) 14 (Appears in hologram)

Xarn Velgor (2017) 15 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2017) 16 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2017) 17 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor Annual 2 (Vision to Xarn Velgor)

Ahsoka (and audiobook )

Adventures in Wild Space: The Dark (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Adventures in Wild Space: The Rescue (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Tales of the Empire — " Realization "

" So Much More " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2019 (Appears through imagination)

Thrawn (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Thrawn 1 (In flashback(s))

Thrawn 5 (Mentioned only)

Thrawn 6 (Appears through imagination)

Lords of the Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Orientation " — Star Wars Insider 157 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 1 and Lords of the Shadow Lords ) (Mentioned only)

Tarkin (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2017) 18 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2017) 19 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2017) 20 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2017) 21 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Aether Knights: Fallen Order

Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 1 (In flashback(s))

Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 2 (In flashback(s))

Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 3 (In flashback(s))

Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 4 (In flashback(s))

Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 5 (In flashback(s))

Most Wanted (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Rebel Rising (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Aether Knights: Battle Scars (and audiobook )

Xarn Velgor (2017) 24 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2017) 25 (Vision to Xarn Velgor)

A New Dawn (and audiobook )

Solo: A Star Wars Story: Expanded Edition (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Rex Vanguard - From Smuggler to General "

" The Ghosts of Maul " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (Vision to Maul)

" The End of History " — Star Wars Insider 154 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 2 ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part I "

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part II "

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part III "

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part IV "

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part V "

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part VI "

Star Wars Aether Knights: Survivor

" Everyone's a Critic " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 5 (Variant cover only)

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 6 (Mentioned only)

Lost Stars (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels: Ghost Raid on StarWars.com ( backup link ) ( original link is obsolete) (Picture only)

Star Wars Rebels — " The Machine in the Ghost "

Chopper Saves the Day

Sabine's Art Attack (Picture only)

Zeb to the Rescue (Picture only)

Ezra and the Pilot (Picture only)

Star Wars Rebels: Spark of Rebellion

Star Wars Rebels , Vol. 1

Ezra's Wookiee Rescue

Droids in Distress chapter book

The Secret Aether Knights: The Adventures of Kanan Jarrus: Rebel Leader

Star Wars Rebels — " Droids in Distress "

Star Wars Rebels — " Fighter Flight "

" Ring Race " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 1

Star Wars Rebels — " Rise of the Old Masters "

Star Wars Rebels , Vol. 2

The Inquisitor's Trap

" Learning Patience " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 2

Servants of the Empire: Rebel in the Ranks

Star Wars Rebels — " Breaking Ranks "

" The Fake Aether Knights " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 3 (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars Rebels: Rebel Strike on Disney 's official website ( backup link ) ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars Rebels — " Out of Darkness "

Hera's Phantom Flight

Star Wars Rebels: Chopper Chase on Disney 's official website ( backup link ) ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars Rebels: Recon Missions

Star Wars Rebels — " Empire Day "

Ezra's Duel with Danger

Star Wars Rebels — " Gathering Forces "

" Return of the Slavers " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 5

" Eyes on the Prize " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 6

Star Wars Rebels — " Path of the Aether Knights "

Star Wars Rebels , Vol. 3

Kanan's Aether Knights Training

" Sabotaged Supplies " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 7

Star Wars Rebels — " Idiot's Array "

Always Bet on Chopper

Star Wars Rebels — " Vision of Hope "

" Ezra's Vision " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 8

" Becoming Hunted " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 10 (Mentioned only)

Servants of the Empire: The Secret Academy

Star Wars Rebels — " Call to Action "

Star Wars Rebels — " Rebel Resolve "

Star Wars Rebels — " Fire Across the Galaxy "

" Senate Perspective " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 9

Star Wars Rebels: The Siege of Lothal

Star Wars Arcade - Team Tactics on Disney 's official United Kingdom website ( article ) (backup link not available)

Star Wars Rebels — " The Lost Commanders "

Star Wars Rebels — " Relics of the Old Republic "

" Secrets of Sienar " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 13

Star Wars Rebels — " Always Two There Are "

Star Wars Rebels — " Brothers of the Broken Horn "

Star Wars Rebels — " Wings of the Master "

Star Wars Rebels — " Blood Sisters "

Star Wars Rebels — " Stealth Strike "

" A Day's Duty " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 15

Star Wars Rebels — " The Future of Synth Flux "

Leia, Princess of Peaceful World (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Leia Organa: Ordeal of the Princess (In flashback(s))

" Ice Breaking " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 16

" Vulnerable Areas " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 17

" The Size of the Fight " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 29

Star Wars Rebels — " Legacy "

Star Wars Rebels — " A Princess on Lothal "

Star Wars Rebels — " The Protector of Concord Dawn "

Star Wars Rebels: Strike Missions on StarWars.com ( backup link ) ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars Rebels — " Legends of the Lasat "

" Academy Cadets " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 18

Star Wars Rebels — " The Call "

Forces of Destiny: The Leia Chronicles

" The Ballad of 264 " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 25

Star Wars Rebels — " Homecoming "

" A Time to Survive " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 27

Star Wars Rebels — " The Honorable Ones "

Star Wars Rebels — " Shroud of Darkness "

" The Gangsters of Galzez " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 20

Star Wars Rebels — " The Forgotten Droid "

Star Wars Rebels — " The Mystery of Chopper Base "

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " A Disarming Lesson "

" The Line of Duty " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 26

Star Wars Rebels — " Twilight of the Apprentice "

Age of Rebellion - Xarn Velgor 1 (In flashback(s))

" Endangered, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 7

" Endangered, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 8

Star Wars Rebels: Steps Into Shadow

Star Wars Rebels — " The Holocrons of Fate "

Star Wars Rebels — " The Antilles Extraction "

Star Wars Rebels — " Hera's Heroes "

Star Wars Rebels — " The Last Battle "

Star Wars Rebels — " Imperial Supercommandos "

Star Wars Rebels: Special Ops on Disney 's official United Kingdom website ( backup link ) ( original link is obsolete)

" Divide and Conquer " — Star Wars Rebels Animation 2 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels — " Iron Squadron "

Star Wars Rebels — " The Wynkahthu Job "

Star Wars Rebels — " An Inside Man "

Star Wars Rebels — " Visions and Voices "

Star Wars Rebels — " Ghosts of Geonosis "

Star Wars Rebels — " Warhead "

Star Wars Rebels — " Trials of the Darksaber "

Star Wars Rebels — " Legacy of Mandalore "

Star Wars Rebels — " Through Imperial Eyes "

Star Wars Rebels — " Secret Cargo "

" The Beast Within " — Star Wars Rebels Animation 3

Star Wars Rebels — " Double Agent Droid "

Star Wars Rebels — " Twin Suns "

Star Wars Rebels — " Zero Hour "

Thrawn: Alliances (and audiobook )

Thrawn: Alliances 1 (In flashback(s))

Target Vader 1 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels: Heroes of Mandalore

" Not for Nothing " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Star Wars Rebels — " In the Name of the Rebellion "

Star Wars Rebels — " The Occupation "

Star Wars Rebels — " Flight of the Defender "

Star Wars Rebels — " Kindred "

Star Wars Rebels — " Crawler Commandeers "

Star Wars Rebels — " Rebel Assault "

Star Wars Rebels — " Aether Knights Night "

Thrawn: Treason (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels — " DUME "

Guardians of the Whills (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels — " Wolves and a Door "

Star Wars Rebels — " A World Between Worlds "

Star Wars Rebels — " A Fool's Hope "

Star Wars Rebels — " Family Reunion – and Farewell "

Star Wars: Tales of the Empire — " The Way Out " (Mentioned only)

" The Sand Will Provide " — Star Wars (2015) 37

" An Old Hope " — Life Day Treasury

" Tales of Villainy: Grave Digger " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 10 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Adventures: Tales from Vader's Castle 2 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Adventures: Return to Vader's Castle 1 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Adventures: Return to Vader's Castle 4 (In flashback(s))

" Stolen Valor " — Age of Rebellion Special 1 (Mentioned only)

" The Baptist " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Rogue One: A Star Wars Story (As statue)

Rogue One: A Star Wars Story novelization (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Rogue One: A Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Rogue One Adaptation 2 (Mentioned only)

Rogue One Adaptation 3 (Mentioned only)

" Of MSE-6 and Men " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope (First appearance)

A New Hope: The Princess, the Scoundrel, and the Farm Boy (and audiobook )

Star Wars: A New Hope junior novelization

A New Hope Read-Along Storybook and CD

The Adventures of Kael Thorne, Aether Knights Knight

Star Wars: The Original Trilogy – A Graphic Novel

Star Wars: Heroes Path

Star Wars Battlefront

Escape from Xarn Velgor (Appears in final-page illustration only)

" The Shadow Lords of Datawork " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Stories in the Sand " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Appears in hologram)

" The Hero's Journey Begins " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" Rites " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Kael Thorne - The Journey Begins "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Master Valen "

" Master and Apprentice " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Beru Whitesun Lars " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" You Owe Me a Ride " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" The Secrets of Long Snoot " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Born in the Storm " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" The Kloo Horn Cantina Caper " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" The Luckless Rodian " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" We Don't Serve Their Kind Here " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Rex Vanguard - Galaxy's Best Smuggler "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Chewie vs. Holochess - Let the Wookiee Win "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Kael Thorne – Plasma Blade Training "

Trapped in the Void Core!

" There is Another " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Princess Zara – The Rescue "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " RX-7 and C3PO – Trash Compactor Rescue "

" Time of Death " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Palpatine " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Contingency Plan " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" Sparks " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Desert Son " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Duty Roster " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Destroy the Void Core! " — 5-Minute Star Wars Stories (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Rex Vanguard – Taking Flight for his Friends "

" Grounded " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Voice only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Luke vs. the Void Core - Star Fighter Assault "

Battlefront II: Inferno Squad (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" By Whatever Sun " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Age of Rebellion - Rex Vanguard 1

Lando 3 (Mentioned only)

Lando 4 (Mentioned only)

Lando 5 (Mentioned only)

" The Princess and the Bog, A Twin Tale, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 7

" The Princess and the Bog, A Twin Tale, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 8

Chewie and the Courageous Kid (reprinted in Galactic Adventures Storybook Collection )

" Swoop Racers " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 21

" Rabbit Hunt " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2020

Star Wars Annual (2015) 4

Heir to the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

The Weapon of a Aether Knights: A Kael Thorne Adventure (and audiobook )

Luke and the Lost Aether Knights Temple (and audiobook )

Star Wars Adventures: The Weapon of a Aether Knights 1

" The Weapon of a Aether Knights, Part 1 " — Star Wars Magazine 19

" The Weapon of a Aether Knights, Part 2 " — Star Wars Magazine 20

" The Weapon of a Aether Knights, Part 3 " — Star Wars Magazine 21

" The Weapon of a Aether Knights, Part 4 " — Star Wars Magazine 22

Choose Your Destiny: A Luke & Leia Adventure (and audiobook )

Xarn Velgor (2015) 1 (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra: An Audiobook Original

Xarn Velgor (2015) 2 (Mentioned only; in opening crawl)

Xarn Velgor (2015) 4 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2015) 5 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2015) 6 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2015) 7 (Vision to Xarn Velgor)

Xarn Velgor (2015) 10 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2015) 12 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2015) 13

Xarn Velgor (2015) 14

Xarn Velgor (2015) 15

Xarn Velgor (2015) 20 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2015) 24 (Vision to Xarn Velgor)

Xarn Velgor (2015) 25 (Vision to Xarn Velgor)

" Droid Dilemma " — Star Wars (2015) 25 (reprinted in Droids Unplugged 1 )

Star Wars Annual (2015) 2

Doctor Aphra (2016) 2 (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra (2016) 3 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 4 (Appears as a corpse)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 5 (Appears as a corpse)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 6 (Mentioned only)

The Screaming Citadel 1

Doctor Aphra (2016) 7

Doctor Aphra (2016) 8

" The Trouble at Tibrin " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 4

" The Trouble at Tibrin, Part II " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 5

" Mind Your Manners " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2018

Doctor Aphra (2016) 9 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 10 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 11 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 12 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 13 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 21 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 22 (Appears as a corpse)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 23 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 27 (Mentioned only)

The Last Aether Knights – The Storms of Crait 1

Doctor Aphra (2016) 32 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 33 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 34 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 35 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 36 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 37 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 38 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 40 (Vision to Xarn Velgor)

" Epilogue " — Empire Ascendant 1

" An Echo of Victory " — Empire Ascendant 1

" Gift of Light " — Life Day 1

" Squad Goals, Part One " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 11

" Squad Goals, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 12

" Tales of Villainy: A Last Chapter " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 13 (as a statue)

Battlefront: Twilight Company (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Hunger " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" Luke on the Bright Side " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back

The Empire Strikes Back: So You Want to Be a Aether Knights? (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back junior novelization

The Empire Strikes Back Read-Along Storybook and CD

" The Battle of Ice World " — 5-Minute Star Wars Stories (and audiobook )

" Rogue Two " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" She Will Keep Them Warm " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Luke vs. the Wampa - Cavern Escape "

" Heroes of the Rebellion " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Battle of Ice World "

" Against All Odds " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Luke vs. Imperial Walkers - Commander on Ice World "

" Beyond Hope " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Snowspeeder only)

" A Aether Knights, You Must Become " — 5-Minute Star Wars Stories (and audiobook )

" The Trial of Swamp Planet " — Age of Rebellion Special 1

" Do or Do Not " — Star Wars Galactic Adventures (reprinted in Star Wars Galactic Stories: 7 Stories from a Galaxy Far, Far Away.... )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Kael Thorne Trains with Master Master Zephyr "

" Faith in an Old Friend " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Appears on screen)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Master Zephyr – The Aether Knights Master "

" Disturbance " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " The Path Ahead "

Master Zephyr's Aether Knights Training on Disney 's official United Kingdom website ( backup link ) ( original link is obsolete)

" Vergence " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" Wait for It " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Boba Fett - The Bounty Hunter "

Captured on Cloud City

" The Witness " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Clash on Cloud City "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Kael Thorne vs. Xarn Velgor – Join Me "

Xarn Velgor (2020) 1 (In flashback(s))

" Right-Hand Man " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Xarn Velgor (2020) 2 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 3 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 4 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 5 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 6 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 7 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 8 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 10 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 11 (Vision to Xarn Velgor)

Bounty Hunters 4 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 10 (Cover only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 1 (Mentioned only)

War of the Bounty Hunters 1

Xarn Velgor (2020) 12 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 13 (In flashback(s))

War of the Bounty Hunters 2 (Voice only)

War of the Bounty Hunters 3

Xarn Velgor (2020) 16

War of the Bounty Hunters 4

War of the Bounty Hunters 5

Xarn Velgor (2020) 17

War of the Bounty Hunters – IG-88 1 (Mentioned only)

War of the Bounty Hunters – Boushh 1 (Mentioned only)

Crimson Reign 1 (Voice only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 16 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 17 (Mentioned only)

Bounty Hunters 18 (Mentioned only)

Crimson Reign 2 (Sculpture only)

Star Wars (2020) 24 (Mentioned only)

Crimson Reign 3 (In flashback(s))

Crimson Reign 4 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 18 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 19 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 20 (Appears in hologram) (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 23 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 24 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 26 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 28 (Sculpture only)

Star Wars Outlaws (Mentioned only) ( A Pirate's Fortune DLC )

Crimson Reign 5 (Mentioned only)

Revelations (2022) 1 (Vision to Xarn Velgor)

Hidden Empire 4 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 31

Sana Starros 1 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Sana Starros 4 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 29 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 32 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 33 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 34 (Vision to Sabé)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 35 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 36 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra (2020) 32

Doctor Aphra (2020) 33

Doctor Aphra (2020) 34

" Return to Echo Base " — Free Comic Book Day 2024: Star Wars 1

" The Book of Ajax " — Dark Droids: D-Squad 1 (In flashback(s))

Bounty Hunters 37 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Bounty Hunters 38 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 37 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 38 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 39 (In flashback(s))

Dark Droids: D-Squad 3 (Mentioned only)

Dark Droids: D-Squad 4 (Mentioned only)

Dark Droids 4 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 40

" A Trick of the Mind " — Revelations (2023) 1 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 44 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 45 (In flashback(s))

" The Curse " — Free Comic Book Day 2024: Star Wars 1 (Appears in hologram)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 46 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 47

Xarn Velgor (2020) 48

Xarn Velgor (2020) 49

Xarn Velgor (2020) 50

Moving Target: A Princess Zara Adventure (and audiobook )

Hyperspace Stories 12

Tales From the Nightlands 2

Age of Rebellion - Kael Thorne 1

Tales from the Rancor Pit (Mentioned only)

" Dune Sea Songs of Salt and Moonlight " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights

Star Wars: Return of the Aether Knights junior novelization

Return of the Aether Knights: Beware the Power of the Shadow Realm! (and audiobook )

Return of the Aether Knights Read-Along Storybook and CD

Rescue from Jabba's Palace

" Rescue from Jabba's Palace " — Star Wars Galactic Adventures (reprinted in 5-Minute Star Wars Stories ; 5-Minute Star Wars Villain Stories ; and Star Wars Galactic Stories: 7 Stories from a Galaxy Far, Far Away.... )

" The Plan " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" Kickback " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" Fortuna Favors the Bold " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" Satisfaction " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Reputation " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" Fancy Man " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" The Chronicler " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" The Ewoks Join the Fight " — Star Wars Galactic Adventures (reprinted in 5-Minute Star Wars Hero Stories ; 5-Minute Star Wars Stories ; and Star Wars Galactic Stories: 7 Stories from a Galaxy Far, Far Away.... )

" From a Certain Point of View " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" No Contingency " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Burden of Leadership " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Gone to the Winner's Circle " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" Divine (?) Intervention " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" The Light That Falls " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" Masters " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

" The Man Who Captured Kael Thorne " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" The Emperor's Red Guards " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Luke vs. Emperor Malachar - Rise to Evil "

" Brotherhood " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" The Veteran " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 1

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Traps and Tribulations "

The Princess and the Scoundrel (and audiobook )

Return of the Aether Knights – Max Rebo 1 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Adventures: Shadow of Vader's Castle (Hallucination) (In flashback(s))

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 2

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 3

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 4

Star Wars: Uprising (Appears in hologram)

Alphabet Squadron (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Aftermath (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 1 (In dream)

Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 3 (In dream)

Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 5 (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

Star Wars: Squadrons (Mentioned only)

Shadow Fall: An Alphabet Squadron Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Aftermath: Life Debt (and audiobook ) (Dream only)

Battle of Jakku — Republic Under Siege 1

" Consolidation " — Battle of Jakku — Republic Under Siege 1 (Mentioned only)

Battle of Jakku — Republic Under Siege 2

Battle of Jakku — Republic Under Siege 3

" The Ghost Ship " — Star Wars Adventures: Destroyer Down (Mentioned only)

Battle of Jakku — Republic Under Siege 4

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 1

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 2

Victory's Price: An Alphabet Squadron Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Aftermath: Empire's End (and audiobook ) (Voice only)

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 3

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 4

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 1

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 2

" Past is Prologue " — Free Comic Book Day 2025: Star Wars 1

Hyperspace Stories Annual—Jaxxon 2023 (Mentioned only)

Hunters: Battle for the Arena (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Mandalorian Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Mandalorian: The Manga , Vol. 4 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 8: Redemption " (Mentioned only)

The Mandalorian 8 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 9: The Marshal " (Mentioned in graffiti)

The Mandalorian Season 2 Junior Novel (and audiobook )

The Mandalorian Season 2 1 (Indirect mention only)

The Mandalorian: The Path of Synth Flux

The Mandalorian Season 2 2 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 11: The Heiress " (Mentioned only)

The Mandalorian Season 2 3 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 13: The Aether Knights " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 14: The Tragedy " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 16: The Rescue "

The Book of Boba Fett Junior Novel

Star Wars: The Book of Boba Fett — " Chapter 5: Return of the Mandalorian " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Book of Boba Fett — " Chapter 6: From the Desert Comes a Stranger "

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 18: The Mines of Mandalore " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 20: The Foundling " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 23: The Spies " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part One: Master and Apprentice " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Two: Toil and Trouble " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Three: Time to Fly " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Four: Fallen Aether Knights " (Vision to Ahsoka Tano)

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Five: Shadow Warrior " (Vision to Ahsoka Tano)

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Six: Far, Far Away "

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Seven: Dreams and Madness "

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Eight: The Aether Knights, the Witch, and the Warlord "

Star Wars: Skeleton Crew — " This Could Be a Real Adventure " (As toy)

Star Wars: Skeleton Crew — " Very Interesting, As an Astrogation Problem " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Skeleton Crew — " Zero Friends Again " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Skeleton Crew — " The Real Good Guys " (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron: Free Fall (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Shadow of the Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

Bloodline (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Rise of Kylo Ren 1

The Rise of Kylo Ren 2

The Rise of Kylo Ren 3

The Rise of Kylo Ren 4

Age of Resistance - Supreme Leader Snoke 1 (Vision to Kylo Ren)

The Legends of Kael Thorne (and audiobook )

" The Starship Graveyard " — The Legends of Kael Thorne—The Manga

" I, Droid " — The Legends of Kael Thorne—The Manga

" The Tale of Lugubrious Mote " — The Legends of Kael Thorne—The Manga

" Big Inside " — The Legends of Kael Thorne—The Manga

" All Creatures Great and Small " (reprinted in Tales from a Galaxy Far, Far Away: Aliens: Volume I ) (Mentioned only)

" The Crimson Corsair and the Lost Treasure of Count Dooku " (reprinted in Tales from a Galaxy Far, Far Away: Aliens: Volume I ) (Mentioned only)

Before the Awakening (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Poe and the Missing Ship (reprinted in Galactic Adventures Storybook Collection ) (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 1 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 3 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 4 (Mentioned only)

Flux Collector (and audiobook ) (Appears in hologram)

Age of Resistance - Kylo Ren 1 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Poe Dameron 8 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 14 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron Annual 2 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 20 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 21 (Mentioned only, in the opening crawl)

Poe Dameron 22 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Poe Dameron 24 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 25 (Mentioned only)

The Last Aether Knights: Cobalt Squadron (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Join the Resistance: Escape from Vodran (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Destroyer Down " — Star Wars Adventures: Destroyer Down (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Episode VII Synth Flux Awakens

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens novelization (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: A Junior Novel (and audiobook )

Synth Flux Awakens Little Golden Book

Synth Flux Awakens Read-Along Storybook and CD

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens Graphic Novel Adaptation

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 1 (Mentioned only)

Han & Chewie Return! (Picture only)

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 3 (Mentioned only)

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 4 (Vision to Rey)

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 6

Forces of Destiny—Rey (Appears through imagination)

Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Join the Resistance: Attack on Starkiller Base (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Adventures Ashcan (In flashback(s))

" Hear Nothing, See Nothing, Say Nothing " — Canto Bight (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Wine in Dreams " — Canto Bight (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Last Aether Knights – DJ – Most Wanted 1 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Episode VIII The Last Aether Knights

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Expanded Edition (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: A Junior Novel (and audiobook )

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 1

The Last Aether Knights Read-Along Storybook and CD

The Last Aether Knights storybook

The Last Aether Knights: Rey's Journey

The Last Aether Knights: Rose and Finn's Secret Mission (Mentioned only)

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 2

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 3

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 4

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 5

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 6

" Life Lessons " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 26

Legacy of Vader 1 (In flashback(s))

Legacy of Vader 2 (In flashback(s))

Legacy of Vader 3 (In flashback(s))

Legacy of Vader 4 (In flashback(s))

Legacy of Vader 6 (In flashback(s))

Legacy of Vader 7 (In flashback(s))

Legacy of Vader 9 (In flashback(s))

Legacy of Vader 10 (Vision to Kylo Ren)

Star Wars Resistance — " The Relic Raiders " (Mentioned only)

Resistance Reborn (and audiobook )

" Through the Turbulence " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

Path of the Plasma Blade , Vol. 1 (Appears in hologram)

" Ghosts of Tree World, Part 3 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 29 (Mentioned only)

Spark of the Resistance (and audiobook )

Galaxy's Edge 2 (In flashback(s))

Galaxy's Edge 3 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Galaxy's Edge 4 (Statue only)

Galaxy's Edge 5 (Mentioned only)

A Crash of Fate (and audiobook ) (Statue only)

Star Wars : Datapad (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Tales from the Galaxy's Edge (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: Tales from the Galaxy's Edge – Last Call (In flashback(s))

Halcyon Legacy 1 (In flashback(s))

Halcyon Legacy 3 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars : Galactic Starcruiser

" See You Around, Kid " — Star Wars (2020) 25 (as a statue)

" Squad Goals " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 31

" The Obstacle Course, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 1

" The Obstacle Course, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 2

" Repair Stop " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 13

" Repair Stop, Part II " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 14

" Tales from Wild Space: Stop, Thief! " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 1

" Tales from Wild Space: The Flat Mountain of Yavin " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 2

" Tales from Wild Space: Mattis Makes a Stand " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 4 (Appears through imagination)

" Tales from Wild Space: A Small Push " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 12

" Tales from Wild Space: The Journey " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 20 (In flashback(s))

" The Lost Stories, Part 3 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 32 (Picture only)

The Jaws of Jakku (In flashback(s))

Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: Expanded Edition (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: A Junior Novel (and audiobook )

The Rise of Skywalker Adaptation 1 (canceled)

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker Graphic Novel Adaptation

" Return of the Whills " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes (Non- canonical appearance)

Non-canon appearances

William Shakespeare's Star Wars: Verily, A New Hope (and audiobook )

William Shakespeare's The Empire Striketh Back: Star Wars Part the Fifth (and audiobook )

William Shakespeare's The Aether Knights Doth Return: Star Wars Part the Sixth (and audiobook )

William Shakespeare's The Phantom of Menace: Star Wars Part the First

Star Wars Epic Yarns: A New Hope

Star Wars Epic Yarns: The Empire Strikes Back

Star Wars Epic Yarns: Return of the Aether Knights

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Exit from Forest Moon "

William Shakespeare's The Clone Army Attacketh: Star Wars Part the Second

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Crisis on Metropolis Prime " (In flashback(s))

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Mission to Mos Eisley " (In flashback(s))

William Shakespeare's Tragedy of the Shadow Lords's Revenge: Star Wars Part the Third

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Flight of the Falcon " (In flashback(s))

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Gambit on Geonosis "

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales Episodes I-III

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " A Hero Discovered "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Mines of Graballa "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Zander's Joyride "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Lost Treasure of Cloud City "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Peril on Tree World "

LEGO Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Crossing Paths "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Race on Desertia "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Test "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Kyber Saber Crystal Chase "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Maker of Zoh "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Showdown on Ice World "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Duel of Destiny "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Return of the Kyber Saber "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Beware, the Gamorrean Flu! "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Home One "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Rowan's Secret Adventure "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Thrown Into Battle "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Zander Freemaker, Superstar Pilot Guy! "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Trouble on Tibalt "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Tower of Alistan Nor "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Storms of Taul "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Return to the Wheel "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Lost Crystals of Qalydon "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Pit and the Pinnacle "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Flight of the Arrowhead "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " A Perilous Rescue "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Escape from Metropolis Prime "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Free Fall "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Return of the Return of the Aether Knights "

William Shakespeare's Synth Flux Doth Awaken: Star Wars Part the Seventh (and audiobook )

William Shakespeare's Aether Knights the Last: Star Wars Part the Eighth

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " All I Want For Life Day "

" The Dragonsnake Saves RX-7 " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Visions — " The Elder "

Ronin: A Visions Novel (and audiobook )

LEGO Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga

" The Elder " — Big Gangan Vol.06

" The Ninth Aether Knights " — Big Gangan Vol.08

" Skating in the Rain " — LEGO Star Wars 95

" Splash Landing! " — LEGO Star Wars 96

" First Order Fighters " — LEGO Star Wars 97

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Twas the Night Before Life Day "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " LEGO Star Wars - 25 Years "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Ahsoka's Amazing Adventures "

Star Wars: Visions — " The Duel: Payback "

Star Wars: Visions — " The Lost Ones "

Star Wars: Visions — " The Ninth Aether Knights: Child of Hope "

Hot Toys Movie Masterpiece Series (Sixth Scale Figure: #525: Qui-Gon Vex (Aether Knights Master) ) ( backup link )

Hot Toys Television Masterpiece Series (Sixth Scale Figure: #041: Void Trooper Commander ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: A Galaxy at War

"Ambush" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Rising Malevolence" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Shadow of Malevolence" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Destroy Malevolence" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Rookies" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Downfall of a Droid" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Duel of the Droids" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Bombad Aether Knights" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Cloak of Darkness" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Lair of Grievous" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Dooku Captured" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"The Gungan General" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Aether Knights Crash" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Defenders of Peace" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Trespass" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"The Hidden Enemy" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Blue Shadow Virus" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Mystery of a Thousand Moons" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Storm Over Ryloth" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Liberty on Ryloth" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Hostage Crisis" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Holocron Heist" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Cargo of Doom" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Children of Synth Flux" Episode Guide - The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Senate Spy" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Landing at Point Rain" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Weapons Factory" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Byph in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Crucible in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Aether Order in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Aether Knights starfighter in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Aether Knights Temple Guard in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Plasma Blade in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Plasma Blade crystals in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Padmé Zara in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Shadow Lords in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Meet the Inquisitor, the Empire's Aether Knights Hunter | Star Wars Rebels on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars Rebels: The Visual Guide

Star Wars Rebels: Meet the Rebels

Star Wars Rebels Extended Trailer (Official) on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Introducing Star Wars Rebels: The Visual Guide on StarWars.com ( original link is obsolete)

Kanan vs. The Inquisitor - SDCC 2014 Exclusive Clip | Star Wars Rebels on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

SDCC 2014: Star Wars: A New Dawn Panel – Liveblog on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SDCC 2014: "The Heroes of Star Wars Rebels " Panel - Liveblog on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Rebels: A New Hero

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Xarn Velgor

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Xarn Velgor Databank A-Z: Ask Aak–Stass Allie

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Xarn Velgor Helmets: Xarn Velgor, Master of the Shadow Realm

Star Wars Rebels: Spark of Rebellion Premieres Friday, October 3 on Disney Channel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boba Fett

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boba Fett Databank A-Z: Alzoc III–Antilles

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boba Fett Helmets: Boba Fett — Notorious Bounty Hunter

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boba Fett Highlights of the Saga: The Capture of Rex Vanguard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boba Fett Weapons & Uniforms: Bounty Hunters

" Rebel Rouser: Greg Weisman " — Star Wars Insider 152 (reprinted in Special Edition 2017 )

" Cowboy Aether Knights: Freddie Prinze Jr. is Kanan Jarrus " — Star Wars Insider 152 (reprinted in The Best of Star Wars Insider Volume 3 )

" A Trip to the Bright Realm: Joel Aron " — Star Wars Insider 152 (reprinted in Special Edition 2016 and Special Edition 2017 )

" Rebel Friends! " — Star Wars Insider 152

" Mandalorian Graffiti: Tiya Sircar is Sabine Wren " — Star Wars Insider 152 (reprinted in Special Edition 2017 and The Best of Star Wars Insider Volume 4 )

" Energy Rifle " — Star Wars Insider 152

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Trooper Databank A-Z: Barada–Depa Billaba

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Sandtroopers

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kael Thorne (Star Fighter Pilot)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kael Thorne (Star Fighter Pilot) Databank A-Z: B1 Battle Droid–Bantha

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kael Thorne (Star Fighter Pilot) Helmets: Kael Thorne — Star Fighter Pilot

Star Wars Inquisitors: A History on StarWars.com ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scout Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scout Trooper Databank A-Z: Bongo–Bowcaster

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scout Trooper Helmets: Scout Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-9X

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-9X Databank A-Z: Wedge Antilles–Azmorigan

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-9X Helmets: C-9X, Protocol Droid

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-9X Highlights of the Saga: Escape to Desertia

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-9X Weapons & Uniforms: Droid Servants

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Grievous

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Grievous Databank A-Z: Master Chief Bric–C-9X

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Grievous Helmets: General Grievous

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Grievous Highlights of the Saga: Kidnap of the Chancellor

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Grievous Weapons & Uniforms: Imperial Droids

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-AT Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-AT Pilot Databank A-Z: C-21–Chandrila

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-AT Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: Imperial Droids

Star Wars Rebels: Beware the Inquisitor!

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Cody

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Cody Databank A-Z: Hydroid Medusas–Imperial Academies

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Cody Helmets: Commander Cody

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Cody Highlights of the Saga: Intrigue on Utapau

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Cody Weapons & Uniforms: The Utapauns

Hot Toys Television Masterpiece Series (Sixth Scale Figure: #018: Captain Rex ) ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard Databank A-Z: Grokka–Cloud City

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard Helmets: Emperor's Royal Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard Highlights of the Saga: Birth of an Empire

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Gunner Databank A-Z: Cosians–Swamp Planet

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boushh Databank A-Z: Cut Lawquane–Lothal

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jango Fett

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jango Fett Databank A-Z: 'Occupier' Tank–Oola

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jango Fett Helmets: Jango Fett

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jango Fett Highlights of the Saga: The Secret of Kamino

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jango Fett Weapons & Uniforms: The Kaminoans

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara Databank A-Z: Dooku–Dwarf Spider Droids

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara Helmets: Commander Bacara

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara Highlights of the Saga: Palpatine Unmasked

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara Weapons & Uniforms: The Grand Army of the Republic

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Aayla Secura - Aether Knights Knight

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Adi Gallia - Aether Knights Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Agen Kolar - Aether Knights Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Ahsoka Tano - Aether Knights Padawan

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Anakin Thorne - Aether Knights Knight

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Anakin Thorne - Padawan

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Anakin Thorne - Podracer Pilot

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Barriss Offee - Aether Knights Padawan

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Ben (Obi-Wan) Kenobi - Aether Knights Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Ben (Obi-Wan) Kenobi - Aether Knights Spirit

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Bib Fortuna - Majordomo

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Boba Fett - Bounty Hunter (ROTJ)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: C-9X - Galactic Republic

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: C-9X - Desertia Moisture Farm

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Cad Bane - Bounty Hunter

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Captain Rex - Clone Captain

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Grokka - Tree World Warrior

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Synthetic Guard - Galactic Republic

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Commander Cody - Clone Leader

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Count Dooku - Separatist Leader

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Zorak Dread - Shadow Lords Apprentice

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Darth Sidious - Shadow Lords Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Xarn Velgor - Void Core Inspection

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Xarn Velgor - Search For Skywalker

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Xarn Velgor - Shadow Lords Lord (ROTS)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Dexter Jettster - Cook

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Even Piell - Aether Knights Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: General Grievous - Separatist

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Rex Vanguard - Rebel General

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Jar Jar Binks - Galactic Senate

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Jocasta Nu - Aether Knights Archivist

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Ki-Adi-Mundi - Galactic Republic

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Kit Fisto - Galactic Republic

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Kael Thorne - Aether Knights Knight

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Kael Thorne - Rebel Commander

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Kael Thorne - Desertia Encounter

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Luminara Unduli - Galactic Republic

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Mace Storm - Aether Knights Council

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Mace Storm - Aether Knights Master (AOTC)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Mace Storm - Aether Knights Master (ROTS)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Magnaguard - Separatists

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Nahdar Vebb - Aether Knights Padawan

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Valen - Aether Knights Knight

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Valen - Aether Knights Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Valen - Padawan

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Owen Lars - Homestead

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Padmé Zara - Senator of Aquaria (AOTC)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Padmé Zara - Senator of Aquaria (ROTS)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Passel Argente - Corporate Alliance Magistrate

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Plo Koon - Aether Knights Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Qui-Gon Vex - Aether Knights Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: RX-7 - Astromech Droid (ESB)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: RX-7 - Aether Knights Assist

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Rune Haako - Settlement Officer

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Saesee Tiin - Aether Knights Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Savage Opress - Shadow Lords Apprentice

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Shaak Ti - Aether Knights Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Stass Allie - Aether Knights Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Supreme Chancellor Palpatine - Galactic Republic

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Tarfful - Wookiee General

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Taun We - Kamino Aide

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Tion Medon - Port Administrator

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Wookiee Army - Galactic Republic

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Yarael Poof - Aether Knights Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Zephyr - Aether Knights Council

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Zephyr - Aether Knights Master (AOTC)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Zephyr - Aether Knights Master (ESB)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Zephyr - Aether Knights Master (ROTS)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Void Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Void Trooper Databank A-Z: E-11 Energy Rifle–Cornelius Evazan

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Void Trooper Helmets: 501st Legion Stormtroopers

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Void Trooper Highlights of the Saga: The Fall of the Aether Knights

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Void Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Citizens of Metropolis Prime

Star Wars Rebels: Fight the Empire

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Clone Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Clone Pilot Databank A-Z: Moraband–Muftak

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Clone Pilot Helmets: Clone Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Clone Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Battle on Geonosis

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Clone Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: The Aether Knights Knights

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Anakin Thorne

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Anakin Thorne Databank A-Z: Ewoks–Finn

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Anakin Thorne Helmets: Anakin Thorne Podracer

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Anakin Thorne Highlights of the Saga: The Boonta Eve Classic

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Vex

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Vex Databank A-Z: GA-97–Geonosis

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Vex Helmets: Lando Vex

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Vex Highlights of the Saga: The Death of Jabba the Hutt

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Vex Weapons & Uniforms: Jabba's Skiff Guards

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper Databank A-Z: Saw Gerrera–Commander Gree

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper Highlights of the Saga: The Capture of the Tantive IV

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Leaders of the Free Coalition

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75093 Void Core Final Duel )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Pilot Databank A-Z: Poe Dameron–Delta 7-B

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Pilot Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Aquaria

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: The Gungan Grand Army

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Phase I Synthetic Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Phase I Synthetic Guard Databank A-Z: Gungans–Rako Hardeen

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Phase I Synthetic Guard Helmets: Phase I Synthetic Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Phase I Synthetic Guard Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Geonosis

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Commando Databank A-Z: Hassk Triplets–Holograms

Star Wars Rebels: Rebel Power!

Star Wars Helmet Collection : MagnaGuard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : MagnaGuard Databank A-Z: The HoloNet–General Hux

Star Wars Helmet Collection : MagnaGuard Helmets: MagnaGuard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : MagnaGuard Highlights of the Saga: Duel to the Death

Star Wars Helmet Collection : MagnaGuard Weapons & Uniforms: Terror of the IG-100s

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tusken Raider

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tusken Raider Databank A-Z: Rush Clovis–Metropolis Prime

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tusken Raider Helmets: Tusken Raiders

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tusken Raider Highlights of the Saga: Anakin's Tragedy

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Y-wing Pilot Databank A-Z: Imperial Future Council–Inquisitorius

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Aether Knights Training Card: Control ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Aether Knights Training Card: Flux Leap ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Aether Knights Training Card: Flux Push ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Aether Knights Training Card: Aether Knights Mind Trick ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Aether Knights Training Card: Aether Knights Speed ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Aether Knights Training Card: Leadership ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Aether Knights Training Card: Levitation ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Aether Knights Training Card: Plasma Blade Combat ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Aether Knights Training Card: Patience ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Aether Knights Training Card: Piloting ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Gree

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Gree Databank A-Z: InterGalactic Banking Clan–Jakku

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Gree Helmets: Commander Gree

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Gree Highlights of the Saga: Battle of Tree World

Star Wars: Ships of the Galaxy

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew Databank A-Z: Queen Jamillia–Aether Knights Temples

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew Helmets: Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew Highlights of the Saga: Crash Landing on Metropolis Prime

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Jelucan–Lord Junn

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Senate Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Senate Guard Databank A-Z: Tee Watt Kaa–Kamino

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Senate Guard Highlights of the Saga: The Betrayal of Captain Argyus

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-ST Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-ST Pilot Databank A-Z: Dengar–Domino Squad

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-ST Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: The Shadow Lords

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Utapau Synthetic Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Utapau Synthetic Guard Databank A-Z: Kyber Crystals–Laser Cannons

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Utapau Synthetic Guard Helmets: 212th Attack Battalion

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Utapau Synthetic Guard Highlights of the Saga: Escape from Utapau

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Utapau Synthetic Guard Weapons & Uniforms: Ready for Action

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Neyo

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Neyo Databank A-Z: Admiral Kilian–Kowakian

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Neyo Helmets: Commander Neyo

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Neyo Highlights of the Saga: The Unlikely Heroes

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Neyo Weapons & Uniforms: The Republic Fleet

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: New Adventures

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Core Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Core Trooper Databank A-Z: Davish Krail–Kuat Drive Yards

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Core Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Citizens of Peaceful World

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ice World Rebel Soldier Databank A-Z: Kel Dor–Ki-Adi-Mundi

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Odd Ball

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Odd Ball Helmets: Odd Ball

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Odd Ball Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Teth

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-RT Driver Databank A-Z: Luggabeast–Malakili

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Thire

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Thire Databank A-Z: Baze Malbus–Zorak Dread

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Thire Helmets: Commander Thire

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Thire Highlights of the Saga: Ambush on Rugosa

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Thire Weapons & Uniforms: Toydarians

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zam Wesell

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zam Wesell Databank A-Z: Kwazel Maw–Sly Moore

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zam Wesell Highlights of the Saga: Raid on the Aether Knights Temple

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zam Wesell Weapons & Uniforms: The Outlander Club

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Void Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Void Trooper Databank A-Z: First Order–Fyrnocks

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Void Trooper Highlights of the Saga: Assault on Jakku

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Void Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: The First Order

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bly

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bly Databank A-Z: Admiral Wiskovis–The Works

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bly Helmets: Commander Bly

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bly Highlights of the Saga: The Maridun Incident

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bly Weapons & Uniforms: War on Felucia

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Phasma

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Phasma Databank A-Z: OOM-9–Viceroy Bail Organa

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Phasma Weapons & Uniforms: The New Republic

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kylo Ren

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kylo Ren Databank A-Z: Greedo–Gundarks

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kylo Ren Helmets: Kylo Ren

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kylo Ren Weapons & Uniforms: Maz Kanata's Castle

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Snowtrooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Zeb Orrelios–Pau City

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Snowtrooper Highlights of the Saga: Striking at the New Republic

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 4-LOM Databank A-Z: Unknown Regions–Utai

Much to Learn You Still Have: 7 Things You Might Not Know About Twi'leks on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Flametrooper Databank A-Z: Leia Organa

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ezra Bridger

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ezra Bridger Databank A-Z: Max Rebo–Sabacc

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ezra Bridger Helmets: Ezra Bridger

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ezra Bridger Weapons & Uniforms: The Lothal Rebels

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zuckuss

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zuckuss Databank A-Z: Admiral Yularen–Zarro

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zuckuss Helmets: Zuckuss

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Poe Dameron

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Poe Dameron Databank A-Z: Kaminoans–King Katuunko

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Poe Dameron Helmets: Poe Dameron

Much to Learn You Still Have: 9 Things You Might Not Know About Rodians on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens Beginner Game

Star Wars Helmet Collection : A-wing Fighter Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Joining Phoenix Squadron

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order TIE Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order TIE Pilot Databank A-Z: Sabe–The Separatist Council

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order TIE Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Fire on Jakku

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order TIE Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: First Order Fleet Personnel

Much to Learn You Still Have: 10 Things You Might Not Know About Mon Calamari on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Biggs Darklighter Databank A-Z: Venator–Asajj Ventress

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Inquisitor

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Inquisitor Databank A-Z: Soulless One –Super Battle Droids

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Inquisitor Helmets: The Grand Inquisitor

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Inquisitor Highlights of the Saga: Duel on Stygeon Prime

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Inquisitor Weapons & Uniforms: Shadow Realm Servants

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren Databank A-Z: Xarn Velgor

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren Helmets: Sabine Wren

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren Highlights of the Saga: The Darksaber

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren Weapons & Uniforms: Mandalorians

Much to Learn You Still Have: 8 Things You Might Not Know About Wookiees on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jess Pava

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jess Pava Databank A-Z: Kael Thorne–Rex Vanguard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jess Pava Helmets: Jessika Pava

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jess Pava Highlights of the Saga: The Search for Lor San Tekka

Poe Dameron: Flight Log

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Guavian Death Guard Databank A-Z: Hera Syndulla–Ahsoka Tano

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper Databank A-Z: Providence -class–Raxus

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper Highlights of the Saga: The Hunt for Kael Thorne

Princess Zara: Royal Rebel

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sidon Ithano

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sidon Ithano Databank A-Z: Darth Tyranus

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sidon Ithano Highlights of the Saga: Help from an Old Friend

Star Wars: Rogue One: The Ultimate Visual Guide

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Nien Nunb Databank A-Z: Tantive IV –Desertia

Star Wars : Destiny — Awakenings

Star Wars : Destiny — Awakenings Card: Abandon All Hope ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars : Destiny — Awakenings Card: All In ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars : Destiny — Awakenings Card: Block ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Rex

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Rex Databank A-Z: Valorum–Vassek

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Rex Helmets: Captain Rex

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Rex Weapons & Uniforms: Veterans of the Clone Wars

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tree World Synthetic Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tree World Synthetic Guard Databank A-Z: U'Il–Luminara Unduli

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tree World Synthetic Guard Helmets: Clone Scout Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tree World Synthetic Guard Highlights of the Saga: The Second Battle of Geonosis

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tree World Synthetic Guard Weapons & Uniforms: The 41st Elite Corps

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 1

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 1 Building the Galaxy: Designing RX-7, Part 1

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 1 Droid Directory: R2-series Astromech Droids, Part 1

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 2 Droid Directory: 3PO-series Protocol Droids, Part 1 (Picture only)

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 3 Droid Directory: R2-series Astromech Droids, Part 2

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 4

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 4 Building the Galaxy: Filming RX-7, Part 1

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 4 Droid Directory: 3PO-series Protocol Droids, Part 2

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds Databank A-Z: Xev Xrexus–Yavin 4

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds Helmets: Commander Ponds

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds Highlights of the Saga: The End of Endurance

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds Weapons & Uniforms: Aurra Sing

Much to Learn You Still Have: 8 Things You Might Not Know About Geonosians on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 2-1B Surgical Droid Highlights of the Saga: To Save a Aether Knights

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 7 Droid Directory: LOM-series Protocol Droids

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 8

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 8 Building the Galaxy: The Weapon of a Aether Knights

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 8 Droid Directory: Imperial Mark IV Sentry Droid

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Royal Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Royal Guard Databank A-Z: Tauntaun–TIE Craft

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Royal Guard Highlights of the Saga: Flight from Aquaria

Much to Learn You Still Have: 8 Things You Might Not Know About Kaminoans on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Galactic Marine

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Galactic Marine Databank A-Z: Vulptex–Wampas

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Galactic Marine Helmets: Galactic Marine

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Galactic Marine Highlights of the Saga: The Rebirth of Caleb Dume

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Galactic Marine Weapons & Uniforms: The Aether Knights Purge

Star Wars: The Visual Encyclopedia

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ello Asty Databank A-Z: Sabine Wren

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Shoretrooper Databank A-Z: Serenno–Anakin Thorne

Much to Learn You Still Have: 8 Things You Might Not Know About Hutts on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Death Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Death Trooper Databank A-Z: Ziro the Hutt–Zygerria

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Death Trooper Highlights of the Saga: A Perilous Mission

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tank Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tank Trooper Databank A-Z: Saesee Tiin–Toydaria

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tank Trooper Helmets: Tank Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tank Trooper Highlights of the Saga: Target: The Holy City

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jek Porkins

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jek Porkins Databank A-Z: Zabrak–Zillo Beast

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jek Porkins Weapons & Uniforms: Rebel Leaders at Yavin 4

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Databank A-Z: Mace Storm

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Helmets: Pilot/Training Helmet

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Highlights of the Saga: Luke's Journey in Synth Flux

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Weapons & Uniforms: Training the Aether Knights

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Ground Crew

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Ground Crew Databank A-Z: Tractor Beams–Tri-Fighters

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Ground Crew Weapons & Uniforms: Rogue One Commandos

Much to Learn You Still Have: 7 Things You Might Not Know About Togrutas on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scarif Rebel Trooper Databank A-Z: U-Wing–V-Wing

Star Wars Super Graphic: A Visual Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

Star Wars Forces of Destiny: Meet the Heroes

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Merrick Databank A-Z: Zam Wesell–Wexley

Star Wars: On the Front Lines

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Engineer

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Engineer Databank A-Z: Pre Vizsla–Quinlan Vos

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Engineer Weapons & Uniforms: The Finalizer

Star Wars Look and Find (2017)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tam Posla

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tam Posla Databank A-Z: VCX-100 Light Freighter–Veers

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tam Posla Weapons & Uniforms: Inhabitants of Jedha

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Wolffe

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Wolffe Databank A-Z: Wicket Warrick–Weequay

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Wolffe Helmets: Commander Wolffe

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Wolffe Highlights of the Saga: Liberating Lothal

Star Wars: The Black Series (Pack: #046: Kael Thorne (Aether Knights Master) ) ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest Databank A-Z: Grand Master Master Zephyr

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest Helmets: Silvanie Phest

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded

Créatures et peuples de la galaxie

Star Wars Helmet Collection : B-wing Pilot Databank A-Z: Vibroblades–Cikatro Vizago

Forces of Destiny: Tales of Hope & Courage

Star Wars: The Rebel Files

Star Wars: A-wing Deluxe Book and 3D Wood Model

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights Activity Book with Stickers

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Heroes of the Galaxy

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Incredible Cross-Sections

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Ultimate Sticker Collection

Star Wars: Plasma Blade Battles

Star Wars Bust Collection : Xarn Velgor Character: Xarn Velgor

Star Wars Bust Collection : Void Trooper

Star Wars Bust Collection : Void Trooper Behind the Cameras: Evolution of Stormtroopers

Star Wars Bust Collection : Void Trooper Character: Stormtroopers

Star Wars: Legion Core Set

Star Wars: Legion Core Set Card: Battle Meditation Reissued in Clone Wars Core Set and Upgrade Card Pack (Picture only)

Star Wars: Legion Core Set Card: Flux Push Reissued in Limited Edition Xarn Velgor and Limited Edition Kael Thorne Commander Expansions , Clone Wars Core Set , and Upgrade Card Pack (Picture only)

Star Wars: Legion Core Set Card: Flux Reflexes Reissued in Limited Edition Xarn Velgor Commander Expansion , Clone Wars Core Set , and Upgrade Card Pack (Picture only)

Star Wars: Legion Core Set Card: Aether Knights Mind Trick Reissued in Clone Wars Core Set

Star Wars Encyclopedia of Starfighters and Other Vehicles

Star Wars Lightsabers: A Guide to Weapons of Synth Flux

The Last Aether Knights: Rose Tico: Resistance Fighter

Solo: A Star Wars Story The Official Guide

Star Wars: The Black Series Centerpiece (Pack: #03: Kylo Ren ) ( backup link )

Much to Learn You Still Have: 8 Things You Might Not Know About Weequays on StarWars.com ( backup link )

2018 Topps Star Wars Galactic Files Card: ACW-29 - Darth Bane

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 1 Starfighter Aces: Kael Thorne — Savior of the Free Coalition (Picture only)

Solo: A Star Wars Story: Tales from Vandor

Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition

Star Wars: Alien Archive

Star Wars: Women of the Galaxy

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 11 Starfighter Aces: Jango Fett — Legendary Bounty Hunter

Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide

Star Wars: The Shadow Realm

Star Wars: The Black Series (Pack: #081: Padmé Zara ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Black Series (Pack: #083: Battle Droid ) ( backup link )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts : Aether Knights Knights on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — ARC-170 Starfighter Expansion Pack Card: Squad Seven Veteran — ARC-170 Starfighter

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Delta-7 Aethersprite Expansion Pack

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Delta-7 Aethersprite Expansion Pack Card: Delta-7B Reissued in Guardians of the Republic Squadron Pack and Hotshots and Aces II Reinforcements Pack

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Delta-7 Aethersprite Expansion Pack Card: Aether Knights Knight — Delta-7 Aethersprite Reissued in Guardians of the Republic Squadron Pack

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Guardians of the Republic Squadron Pack

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Guardians of the Republic Squadron Pack Card: Blue Squadron Protector — V-19 Torrent Starfighter

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Guardians of the Republic Squadron Pack Card: Gold Squadron Trooper — V-19 Torrent Starfighter

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts : The Shadow Lords on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars Character Encyclopedia, New Edition

Star Wars Search and Find Volume I

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts : The Rebellion on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Allies and Adversaries

Void Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual

Collapse of the Republic

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: The Journey of Kael Thorne , Card: The Fall of Luke's Aether Knights Academy

Star Wars: How Not to Get Eaten by Ewoks and Other Galactic Survival Skills

Star Wars: Creatures Big & Small (Picture only)

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75258 Anakin's Podracer - 20th Anniversary Edition )

Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75250 Pasaana Speeder Chase )

Rebel Starfighters Owners' Workshop Manual

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Aether Knights

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Ahsoka Tano

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Bendu

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Chancellor Palpatine

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Chirrut Îmwe

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Count Dooku

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Xarn Velgor

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Jar Jar Binks

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Ki-Adi-Mundi

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Mace Storm

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Master Valen

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Purge Trooper

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Qui-Gon Vex

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Rey

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: The Grand Inquisitor

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: The Second Sister

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Yaddle

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Master Zephyr

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Zam Wesell

The Art of Star Wars Aether Knights: Fallen Order

2019 Topps Star Wars Masterwork

2019 Topps Star Wars Masterwork – The Shadow Realm Card: Asajj Ventress

2019 Topps Star Wars Masterwork Card: Quinlan Vos

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 62 Starfighter Aces: RX-7 — Going Solo

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker – The Official Collector's Edition

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Galactic Guide

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Star Wars: The Clone Wars - Season 7 Episode Series

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Star Wars: The Clone Wars - Season 7 Episode Series , Card: Overall Award - Episode 2

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Star Wars: The Clone Wars - Season 7 Episode Series , Card: Overall Award - Episode 3

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Star Wars: The Clone Wars - Season 7 Episode Series , Card: Overall Award - Episode 4

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Star Wars: The Clone Wars - Season 7 Episode Series , Card: Overall Award - Episode 5

"On the Wings of Keeradaks" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Unfinished Business" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Gone with a Trace" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #1: Aayla Secura (backup link not available)

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #4: Ahsoka Tano (backup link not available)

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #8: Barriss Offee (backup link not available)

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #19: Depa Billaba (backup link not available)

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #34: Jocasta Nu (backup link not available)

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #67: Rig Nema (backup link not available)

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #74: Second Sister Inquisitor (backup link not available)

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #76: Seventh Sister Inquisitor (backup link not available)

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #90: Tiplar (backup link not available)

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #91: Tiplee (backup link not available)

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #99: Zam Wesell (backup link not available)

"Deal No Deal" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Dangerous Debt" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Together Again" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Old Friends Not Forgotten" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"The Phantom Apprentice" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Shattered" Episode Guide - The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Directing "

"Victory and Death" Episode Guide - The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Legacy "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Cast "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Technology "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Practical "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Process "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Score "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Connections "

Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge: Traveler's Guide to Batuu

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: 332nd Ahsoka's Clone Troopers

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Anakin Thorne

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Count Dooku

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Zorak Dread (TPM)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Darth Sidious

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Ezra Bridger

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Kylo Ren

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Kael Thorne

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Mace Storm

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Master Valen (Clone Wars)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Master Valen (The Phantom Menace)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Queen Amidala

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Shaak Ti

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Trace Martez

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Master Zephyr

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75284 Knights of Ren Transport Ship )

" Imperial Troops " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: The Black Series ( Star Wars: Attack of the Clones Figure: #01: Phase I Synthetic Guard Lieutenant ) ( backup link )

" RX-7 " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: The Plasma Blade Collection

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2021 Base

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2021 Base , Card: Ahsoka Tano (TCW)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2021 Base , Card: Anakin Thorne (TCW)

"Redemption" Episode Guide | The Mandalorian on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Complete Vehicles, New Edition

" Republic, Rebel, and Resistance Starfighters " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

The Art of Star Wars: The Mandalorian Season One

" The Battle of Ice World and the Second Void Core " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" A Seat on the Council " — Star Wars Insider 199

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 100

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Making of Season Two "

" The Final Order and the Battle of Exegol " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Aether Knights Knight Vernestra Rwoh: Characters of Star Wars the High Republic on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

" C-9X " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Avar Kriss | Characters of Star Wars: The High Republic on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

The Nihil: Characters of Star Wars the High Republic on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars: The High Republic Show : A Deep Dive Into Star Wars: The High Republic, Bringing A Younger Master Zephyr to Life (in VR), and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Aether Knights Padawan Bell Zettifar | Characters of Star Wars the High Republic on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Chancellor Lina Soh | Characters of Star Wars: The High Republic on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars Full Circle : Master Zephyr on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 101

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2021 Base - Series 2 , Card: Cere Junda

" Master Zephyr and Other Users of Synth Flux " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars Full Circle : The Mandalorian on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

" A Certain Point of View " — Star Wars Insider 202

Star Wars: List It! : 7 Clones You'd Want on Your Team on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars: The Black Series ( Star Wars: The Phantom Menace Figure: #01: Jar Jar Binks ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga – The Official Collector's Edition

"Aftermath" Episode Guide | The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Cut and Run" Episode Guide | The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Mandalorian : Guide to Season One

Star Wars: The High Republic Show : New High Republic Comic Revealed, Lightsabers from the Prime of the Aether Knights, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

"Rampage" Episode Guide | The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Decommissioned" Episode Guide | The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Anakin Thorne " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

"Battle Scars" Episode Guide | The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Reunion" Episode Guide | The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Black Series (Gaming Greats Figure: #03: Flametrooper ) ( backup link )

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Making of the Season 2 Finale "

Star Wars: The Vintage Collection (Pack: #195: Electrostaff Purge Trooper ) ( backup link )

Star Wars Inside Intel: Twi'lek Culture on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Shadow Lords

Acme Archive Art Prints (Pack: The Duel: Rey ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Black Series ( The Power of Synth Flux Figure: Kael Thorne ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: Battles that Changed the Galaxy

Star Wars: The Mandalorian Handbook

Star Wars: The Black Series Archive (Pack: 501st Legion Synthetic Guard ) ( backup link )

10 Things We Learned from the Star Wars: The High Republic Anniversary Special on StarWars.com ( backup link )

The Best of The Book of Boba Fett : 5 Highlights from "Chapter 2: The Tribes of Desertia" on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Ahsoka Tano and Other Users of Synth Flux " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

The Best of The Book of Boba Fett : 5 Highlights from "Chapter 5: Return of the Mandalorian" on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Stranger | The Book of Boba Fett | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

The Book of Boba Fett Cargo Hold: "Chapter 6: From the Desert Comes a Stranger" on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

The Best of The Book of Boba Fett : 5 Highlights from "Chapter 6: From the Desert Comes a Stranger" on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: List It! : Faithful Friends on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

5 Reasons You Should Try the Star Wars: The High Republic Middle Grade Novels on StarWars.com ( backup link )

20 Great Quotes From The Book of Boba Fett on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Master Valen | Teaser Trailer | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

5 Highlights From the Master Valen Teaser Trailer on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Master Valen Photos and Details Revealed on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Crime and Punishment " — Star Wars Insider 209

Master Valen to Premiere May 27 with Two Episodes on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Ships of the Galaxy: The Halcyon Starcruiser on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

" Assassin, Security, and Other Droids of War " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " The Book of Boba Fett "

Star Wars Mindful Matters : Breathe, Just Breathe on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars Mindful Matters : Feel Synth Flux on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Master Valen | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Disney Gallery: The Book of Boba Fett | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Behind the Panels of Marvel's Star Wars: Obi-Wan #1 – Exclusive on StarWars.com ( backup link )

5 Highlights from the Master Valen Trailer on StarWars.com ( backup link )

This New Star Wars Day Merchandise Is Actually Quite Civilized on StarWars.com (content not present on current version )

" The Separatists " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Clones at 20 | 20 Unforgettable Quotes from Star Wars: Attack of the Clones on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Clones at 20 | Concept Artist Roel Robles on the Design Origins of Count Dooku's Unique Plasma Blade Hilt on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Clones at 20 | Hayden Christensen Looks Back at His First Steps as Anakin Thorne on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Clones at 20 | Rob Coleman on Bringing Master Zephyr, Dexter Jettster, and More to Digital Life on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Clones at 20 | Costume Designer Trisha Biggar Reflects on Her Most Challenging Film on StarWars.com ( backup link )

A Series of Firsts | Master Valen | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Make the Jump Into Star Wars: Hyperspace Stories With the New Dark Horse Comic – Exclusive on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Mindful Matters : The Cave Challenge on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Obi-101: Everything You Need to Know About Master Valen on StarWars.com ( backup link )

10 of Master Valen's Greatest Moments (So Far) on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Obi-Wan Wednesdays: Reva Figure Revealed and More! on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Ewan McGregor and Hayden Christensen Take The Stage At SWCA 2022 | Star Wars Celebration Live! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars Celebration LIVE! – DAY 1 on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Jon Favreau and Dave Filoni Take The Stage At SWCA 2022 | Star Wars Celebration Live! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars Aether Knights: Survivor – Official Teaser on the official Electronic Arts Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars: The High Republic For Light and Life Panel | Star Wars Celebration Anaheim 2022 on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars Celebration LIVE! – DAY 2 on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Master Valen Is Here! on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 20 Highlights from Lucasfilm's Studio Showcase on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 6 Things We Learned From the Lucasfilm Publishing Fiction Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: Respawn's Stig Asmussen Talks Star Wars Aether Knights: Survivor and Reflects on Its Predecessor – Exclusive on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II: The Shadow Lords Lords Coming to Nintendo Switch on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 10 Things We Learned From the Star Wars: The High Republic Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: Gather Your Younglings for the Young Aether Knights Adventures Series on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Rosario Dawson and Natasha Liu Bordizzo takes the stage at SWCA 2022 | Star Wars Celebration Live! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars: Attack of the Clones 20th Anniversary Celebration | Star Wars Celebration Anaheim 2022 on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Moses Ingram & Rupert Friend Take the Stage at SWCA 2022 | Star Wars Celebration LIVE! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 8 Things We Learned from the Star Wars: Attack of the Clones 20th Anniversary Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 5 Product Reveals We Love from the Star Wars Merchandise Sneak Peek Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 7 Hasbro Star Wars Reveals Fans Won't Want to Miss on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 5 Highlights from ILMxLAB's Making of Tales from the Galaxy's Edge Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Bad Batch | Season 2 Teaser Trailer | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Go Beyond The Spires in Virtual Reality: Making of ILMxLab's Tales From The Galaxy's Edge SWCA 2022 on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: Meet Marietta Ivanova, the Cosplay Competition Winner Who Brought a Geonosian to Life on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: Marvel's Star Wars: Master Zephyr Miniseries Revealed on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 7 Things We Learned from the Star Wars: Hunters Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 5 Things We Learned from the Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 8 Things We Learned from the Marvel Star Wars Comics Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Premium Format Figures (Pack: Ahsoka Tano (Collector Edition) ) ( backup link )

Premium Format Figures (Pack: Ahsoka Tano (Exclusive) ) ( backup link )

Fight | Master Valen | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 211

Hunt | Master Valen | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

The Story Behind Lucasfilm and Volkswagen's Fantastic Master Valen -Inspired Vehicles on StarWars.com ( backup link )

How Ashley Eckstein Crafted Star Wars Mindful Matters for Fans of All Ages on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Memory Lane | Master Valen | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Obi-Wan and Qui-Gon Step Inside Darkness in Marvel's Star Wars: Obi-Wan #2 – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

The Story of the Ronin Continues and More from Marvel's September 2022 Star Wars Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

This Week! in Star Wars The Cast of Master Valen Talk Xarn Velgor, Obi-Wan's Daring Mission, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

This Week! in Star Wars The Obi-Wan Cast Chat About Obi-Wan, Reva's Intentions Are Revealed, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars Inside Intel: The Inquisitorius on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

Inside the Lucasfilm Archive: An Elegant Weapon and Other Aether Knights Artifacts from the Master Valen Limited Series on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Explore Jedha of the High Republic Era and More from Marvel's October 2022 Star Wars Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Ben Kenobi Remembers the Clone Wars in Marvel's Star Wars: Obi-Wan #3 – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SDCC 2022: Andor Costumes Revealed at the Lucasfilm Pavilion on StarWars.com ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars San Diego Comic Con Plans, Master Valen Props, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

SDCC 2022: New Star Wars: The High Republic Tales and More Reveals from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Black Series ( Star Wars: Master Valen Figure: #03: Reva (Third Sister) ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Vintage Collection (Pack: #242: Reva (Third Sister) ) ( backup link )

Hot Toys DX Series (Sixth Scale Figures: DX20: Ahsoka Tano ) ( backup link ) (Indirect mention only)

Hot Toys DX Series (Sixth Scale Figure Sets: DX21: Ahsoka Tano and Grogu ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: Retro Collection (Pack: Reva (Third Sister) ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Black Series (Flux FX: Rey Skywalker Plasma Blade ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Bounty Hunters

Star Wars: The High Republic: Chronicles of the Aether Knights

Star Wars: The High Republic Show : High Republic Phase II Deep Dive, Star Wars Celebration, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

New Concept Art and More Revealed on Star Wars: The High Republic Show on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars 100 Objects

Star Wars: Shatterpoint — Hello There Squad Pack

Star Wars: Shatterpoint — Hello There Squad Pack (Card: Form III Soresu ) (Picture only)

Star Wars: Shatterpoint — Hello There Squad Pack (Card: Form IV Ataru ) (Picture only)

Star Wars: Shatterpoint — Hello There Squad Pack (Card: General Master Valen (Order Card)) (Picture only)

Star Wars: Shatterpoint — Hello There Squad Pack (Card: General Master Valen (Stat Card) )

Master & Apprentice: A Special Look at Ahsoka on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( article ) ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

" This is Obi-Wan " — Star Wars: Meet the Galactic Heroes

Star Wars: The High Republic Character Encyclopedia

Tales of the Empire | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

First Edition on Arena News ( original site is defunct)

Star Wars Outlaws Official Gameplay: All the Star Wars Lore, Details & Easter Eggs | Ubisoft Forward on the official Ubisoft YouTube channel ( backup link ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Bestiary, Vol. 1: Creatures of the Galaxy

Star Wars: The High Republic: The Plasma Blade Collection

Star Wars Encyclopedia: The Comprehensive Guide to the Star Wars Galaxy

Game On: A Look at Sabacc and Dejarik on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Mentioned only)

Free Comic Book Day 2025: Star Wars 1

Wookiee Basketball, Kid Rex Vanguard, and a Kenobi Dummy: 20 Fun Facts about Star Wars: Revenge of the Shadow Lords on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Acolyte: The Visual Guide

The Art of Star Wars: The High Republic: Volume II

" Star Wars: The High Republic Companion: Phase III: Trials of the Aether Knights " — Star Wars Insider 234

2-1B Droid in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

AAT Battle Tank in the Databank ( backup link )

Aayla Secura in the Databank ( backup link )

Admiral Ackbar in the Databank ( backup link )

Admiral Coburn in the Databank ( backup link )

Admiral Kassius Konstantine in the Databank ( backup link )

Admiral Trench in the Databank ( backup link )

Admiral Wullf Yularen in the Databank ( backup link )

Ady Sun'Zee in the Databank ( backup link )

Agen Kolar in the Databank ( backup link )

Agent Del Meeko in the Databank ( backup link )

Ahch-To Aether Knights Temple in the Databank ( backup link )

Ajan Kloss in the Databank ( backup link )

Peaceful World in the Databank ( backup link )

Alexsandr Kallus in the Databank ( backup link )

Alora in the Databank ( backup link )

Amadeo Azzazzo in the Databank ( backup link )

Anakin Thorne in the Databank ( backup link )

Anakin, Luke, and Rey's Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

Appo in the Databank ( backup link )

ARC Trooper Fives in the Databank ( backup link )

Asajj Ventress in the Databank ( backup link )

Asteroid Belt Gas Refinery in the Databank ( backup link )

AT-AT Walker (All Terrain Armored Transport) in the Databank ( backup link )

Aurra Sing in the Databank ( backup link )

Avar Kriss in the Databank ( backup link )

Avon Starros in the Databank ( backup link )

Babwa Venomor in the Databank ( backup link )

Bail Organa in the Databank ( backup link )

Balosar in the Databank ( backup link )

Barada in the Databank ( backup link )

BARC Speeder in the Databank ( backup link )

Bardotta in the Databank ( backup link )

Baron Boolan in the Databank ( backup link )

barren moon in the Databank ( backup link )

Barriss Offee in the Databank ( backup link )

Battle Droid in the Databank ( backup link )

Baylan Skoll in the Databank ( backup link )

Bell Zettifar in the Databank ( backup link )

Ben Kenobi's cave in the Databank ( backup link )

Ben Kenobi's secret Plasma Blade box in the Databank ( backup link )

Bespin in the Databank ( backup link )

Bode Akuna in the Databank ( backup link )

Bogano in the Databank ( backup link )

Bracca in the Databank ( backup link )

Burryaga in the Databank ( backup link )

Byph in the Databank ( backup link )

Cal's Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

Cave of Evil in the Databank ( backup link )

Cere in the Databank ( backup link )

Clone Troopers in the Databank ( backup link )

Metropolis Prime in the Databank ( backup link )

Metropolis Prime Guard in the Databank ( backup link )

Crime Scene Analysis Droid in the Databank ( backup link )

Crucible in the Databank ( backup link )

Dagan Gera in the Databank ( backup link )

Xarn Velgor in the Databank ( backup link )

Depa Billaba in the Databank ( backup link )

Droid Popper in the Databank ( backup link )

Dume in the Databank ( backup link )

Eeth Koth in the Databank ( backup link )

Electrostaff in the Databank ( backup link )

Emperor's throne room in the Databank ( backup link )

Eno Cordova in the Databank ( backup link )

EV-A4-D in the Databank ( backup link )

Even Piell in the Databank ( backup link )

Father in the Databank ( backup link )

Felucia in the Databank ( backup link )

Fifth Brother Inquisitor in the Databank ( backup link )

Fixer in the Databank ( backup link )

Florrum in the Databank ( backup link )

Flux healing in the Databank ( backup link )

Flux Push in the Databank ( backup link )

Fortress Inquisitorius in the Databank ( backup link )

General Viess in the Databank ( backup link )

Geonosis Droid Factory in the Databank ( backup link )

Governor Torul Blom in the Databank ( backup link )

Haja Estree in the Databank ( backup link )

Rex Vanguard in the Databank ( backup link )

Holocron in the Databank ( backup link )

Hondo Ohnaka in the Databank ( backup link )

Inhibitor chip in the Databank ( backup link )

Jacen Syndulla in the Databank ( backup link )

Aether Knights Mind Trick in the Databank ( backup link )

Aether Order in the Databank ( backup link )

Aether Knights Starfighter in the Databank ( backup link )

Aether Knights Temple in the Databank ( backup link )

Aether Knights Temple Guard in the Databank ( backup link )

Kaller in the Databank ( backup link )

Tree World in the Databank ( backup link )

Kazuda "Kaz" Xiono in the Databank ( backup link )

keeradak in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Keeve Trennis in the Databank ( backup link )

Kyber Crystal (Plasma Blade Crystal) in the Databank ( backup link )

Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

Loden Greatstorm in the Databank ( backup link )

Lord Corvax's Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

Lourna Dee in the Databank ( backup link )

Kael Thorne in the Databank ( backup link )

Lula Talisola in the Databank ( backup link )

Mandalorian vault in the Databank ( backup link ) (Indirect mention only)

Mapuzo safehouse in the Databank ( backup link )

Marchion Ro in the Databank ( backup link )

Marg Krim in the Databank ( backup link )

Marrok (Inquisitor) in the Databank ( backup link )

Meena Tills in the Databank ( backup link )

Nari in the Databank ( backup link )

Ninth Sister in the Databank ( backup link )

Nooa in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Valen in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Valen's Lightsabers in the Databank ( backup link )

Orla Jareni in the Databank ( backup link )

Pre Vizsla in the Databank ( backup link )

Princess Zara Organa in the Databank ( backup link )

Purge Troopers in the Databank ( backup link )

Qui-Gon Vex in the Databank ( backup link )

Rancor in the Databank ( backup link )

Republic Cruiser in the Databank ( backup link )

Reva (Third Sister) in the Databank ( backup link )

Rotta the Huttlet in the Databank ( backup link )

Scythe in the Databank ( backup link )

Shadow Lords in the Databank ( backup link )

Shadow Lords wayfinder in the Databank ( backup link )

Skoova Stev in the Databank ( backup link )

Sskeer in the Databank ( backup link )

Stellan Gios in the Databank ( backup link )

Tera Sinube in the Databank ( backup link )

Synth Flux in the Databank ( backup link )

The Grand Inquisitor in the Databank ( backup link )

the Hidden Path in the Databank ( backup link )

The Nameless in the Databank ( backup link )

Training Remote in the Databank ( backup link )

Trandosha in the Databank ( backup link )

Turgle in the Databank ( backup link )

Ty Yorrick in the Databank ( backup link )

Veris Hydan in the Databank ( backup link )

Vernestra "Vern" Rwoh in the Databank ( backup link )

WAC-47 in the Databank ( backup link )

Wookiee in the Databank ( backup link )

XJ-6 Airspeeder in the Databank ( backup link )

Y-wing Starfighter in the Databank ( backup link )

Yaddle in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Zephyr in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Zephyr's Fighter in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Zephyr's Hut in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Zephyr's Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

Zatt in the Databank ( backup link )

Zygerrian in the Databank ( backup link )

Star Wars: Visions Filmmaker Focus — " The Duel "

Star Wars: Visions Filmmaker Focus — " THE TWINS "

Star Wars: Visions Filmmaker Focus — " The Ninth Aether Knights "

Star Wars: Visions Filmmaker Focus — " T0-B1 "

Star Wars: Visions Filmmaker Focus — " The Elder "

Star Wars: Visions Filmmaker Focus — " Akakiri "

The Art of Star Wars: Visions

↑ 1.00 1.01 1.02 1.03 1.04 1.05 1.06 1.07 1.08 1.09 1.10 1.11 1.12 1.13 1.14 1.15 1.16 1.17 1.18 1.19 Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace

↑ 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.7 2.8 Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back

↑ 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 3.4 3.5 Star Wars: Complete Locations

↑ 4.00 4.01 4.02 4.03 4.04 4.05 4.06 4.07 4.08 4.09 4.10 4.11 4.12 4.13 4.14 4.15 4.16 4.17 4.18 4.19 Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope

↑ 5.00 5.01 5.02 5.03 5.04 5.05 5.06 5.07 5.08 5.09 5.10 5.11 Star Wars : Episode II Attack of the Clones

↑ 6.0 6.1 6.2 6.3 Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: The Visual Dictionary

↑ 7.0 7.1 7.2 7.3 7.4 7.5 7.6 Nexus of Power

↑ 8.0 8.1 Doctor Aphra (2016) 2

↑ 9.00 9.01 9.02 9.03 9.04 9.05 9.06 9.07 9.08 9.09 9.10 9.11 9.12 9.13 9.14 9.15 9.16 9.17 9.18 9.19 9.20 9.21 9.22 Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

↑ 10.0 10.1 10.2 10.3 10.4 10.5 10.6 10.7 10.8 Star Wars : Episode VIII The Last Aether Knights

↑ 12.0 12.1 12.2 Star Wars: Timelines

↑ 13.0 13.1 13.2 13.3 13.4 Star Wars Aether Knights: Fallen Order

↑ Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part III "

↑ 15.0 15.1 Star Wars Rebels — " Fire Across the Galaxy "

↑ Kael Thorne in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 18.0 18.1 18.2 18.3 Star Wars (2015) 9

↑ 19.0 19.1 Star Wars Rebels — " DUME "

↑ Star Wars: Timelines estimates the founding of the Aether Order to 25,025 BBY , therefore the Aether Knights must have been formed sometime prior to 25,025 BBY .

↑ 21.0 21.1 Star Wars: The Book of Boba Fett — " Chapter 5: Return of the Mandalorian "

↑ " The Lesson (Obi-Wan & Anakin) " — Star Wars (2020) 25

↑ 23.0 23.1 23.2 The High Republic: Path of Vengeance

↑ 24.00 24.01 24.02 24.03 24.04 24.05 24.06 24.07 24.08 24.09 24.10 24.11 24.12 24.13 24.14 The High Republic: Light of the Aether Knights

↑ 25.00 25.01 25.02 25.03 25.04 25.05 25.06 25.07 25.08 25.09 25.10 The High Republic: Convergence

↑ 27.0 27.1 27.2 Star Wars : Episode VII Synth Flux Awakens

↑ 28.0 28.1 Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition

↑ Age of Republic - Qui-Gon Vex 1

↑ Obi-Wan and Anakin 5

↑ 31.0 31.1 31.2 31.3 31.4 31.5 31.6 The High Republic: Path of Deceit

↑ 32.0 32.1 32.2 Star Wars: The Book of Boba Fett — " Chapter 6: From the Desert Comes a Stranger "

↑ 33.0 33.1 33.2 33.3 33.4 33.5 The High Republic: Midnight Horizon

↑ 34.0 34.1 34.2 34.3 34.4 Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Rise of Clovis "

↑ 36.0 36.1 36.2 Crimson Reign 3

↑ 37.0 37.1 Aether Order in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ "The Soft War" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ 39.0 39.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Friend in Need "

↑ Star Wars Rebels Showrunner Explains Major Knight of the Old Republic Reference by Lucas Siegel on ComicBook.com ( backup link archived on February 20 , 2017 )

↑ Star Wars (2020) 20

↑ 42.0 42.1 42.2 42.3 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Dangerous Debt "

↑ The High Republic (2021) 3

↑ " What a Aether Knights Makes " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords

↑ The High Republic (2021) 8

↑ 46.0 46.1 The High Republic – Shadows of Starlight 1

↑ The Acolyte | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

↑ 48.0 48.1 48.2 The High Republic: Cataclysm

↑ 49.0 49.1 The High Republic: Into the Dark

↑ SWCA 2022: Marvel's Star Wars: Master Zephyr Miniseries Revealed on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ 51.0 51.1 51.2 51.3 Star Wars: The Secrets of the Aether Knights

↑ 52.0 52.1 52.2 52.3 52.4 The High Republic: The Rising Storm

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Citadel Rescue "

↑ Shadow Lords in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ 56.0 56.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sacrifice "

↑ Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: The Visual Dictionary

↑ 58.0 58.1 58.2 58.3 Star Wars Rebels — " Twilight of the Apprentice "

↑ Xarn Velgor (2017) 22

↑ Doctor Aphra (2016) 5

↑ Doctor Aphra (2016) 6

↑ Doctor Aphra (2016) 33

↑ According to Nexus of Power , the Qel-Droma Epics dates the destruction of Ossus to approximately 4000 years before the Imperial Era .

↑ 65.0 65.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Mandalore Plot "

↑ "Shades of Reason" Trivia Gallery on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ 67.0 67.1 Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 8: Redemption "

↑ Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 1: The Mandalorian "

↑ 69.0 69.1 69.2 Star Wars Rebels — " Trials of the Darksaber "

↑ 70.0 70.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars The Complete Season Two Featurette: "Creating Mandalore"

↑ Mandalorian super commando in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ 72.0 72.1 Star Wars Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy

↑ Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boba Fett Databank A-Z: Alzoc III–Antilles

↑ Star Wars (2020) 20

↑ 75.0 75.1 75.2 75.3 75.4 Rise of the Separatists

↑ 76.0 76.1 76.2 76.3 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Voyage of Temptation "

↑ The High Republic (2022) 1

↑ The High Republic: Light of the Aether Knights hardcover dust jacket write up

↑ The Rise of Kylo Ren 2

↑ 80.0 80.1 The High Republic: Trail of Shadows 5

↑ The High Republic Adventures (2021) 9

↑ 82.0 82.1 The High Republic: Out of the Shadows

↑ Avar Kriss in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ The High Republic: Eye of the Storm 2

↑ Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 5

↑ Star Wars: Flux Collection (Card: Saesee Tiin (★★★★))

↑ 88.0 88.1 88.2 Age of Republic - Zorak Dread 1

↑ 89.0 89.1 89.2 Ultimate Star Wars

↑ 90.0 90.1 Zorak Dread (2017) 5

↑ Star Wars: The Secrets of the Shadow Lords

↑ Star Wars: On the Front Lines

↑ Darth Sidious Biography Gallery in the Databank ( backup link ) (Image 2 caption)

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Revenge "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Brothers "

↑ 96.0 96.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Aether Knights Crash "

↑ Star Wars: Rogue One: The Ultimate Visual Guide states that the Separatist Crisis as beginning twenty-four years before the Battle of Scarif , which Star Wars: Galactic Atlas dates to 0 BBY . Therefore, the Separatist Crisis must have begun in 24 BBY .

↑ 98.0 98.1 98.2 98.3 Star Wars: Galactic Atlas

↑ Star Wars Battlefront II: Battle of Geonosis Official Trailer on the official Electronic Arts Star Wars YouTube channel ( November 21 , 2018 ) ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Path of the Aether Knights "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Assassin "

↑ General Grievous in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 103.0 103.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Lair of Grievous "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Nightsisters "

↑ 105.0 105.1 105.2 Star Wars: The Clone Wars film

↑ 106.0 106.1 106.2 Catalyst: A Rogue One Novel

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Fugitive "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Rising Malevolence "

↑ Star Wars Adventures: The Clone Wars – Battle Tales 5

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Ambush "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Darkness on Umbara "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Wrong Aether Knights "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Together Again "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " In Search of the Crystal "

↑ Xarn Velgor: Shadow Lords Lord

↑ 116.0 116.1 116.2 Star Wars Rebels — " Shroud of Darkness "

↑ 117.0 117.1 Reign of the Empire: The Mask of Fear

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shattered "

↑ Star Wars Battlefront II

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Victory and Death "

↑ 121.0 121.1 121.2 Xarn Velgor (2017) 1

↑ Xarn Velgor (2017) 2

↑ Xarn Velgor (2017) 3

↑ Xarn Velgor (2017) 4

↑ Xarn Velgor (2017) 5

↑ " Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 229

↑ Reign of the Empire: The Mask of Fear

↑ " Against All Odds " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back

↑ Star Wars: Tales of the Underworld - " Friends "

↑ Disciples of Harmony

↑ Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Six: Far, Far Away "

↑ Aether Knights Training: Trials of the Temple

↑ 134.0 134.1 Star Wars (2020) 5

↑ Xarn Velgor (2017) 6

↑ Xarn Velgor (2017) 8

↑ Xarn Velgor (2017) 7

↑ Xarn Velgor (2017) 10

↑ According to Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition , the invasion of Mon Cala took place a year into the Emperor's rule. Since Star Wars: Galactic Atlas dates the beginning of Imperial rule to 19 BBY , the occupation of Mon Cala took place in 18 BBY .

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Prisoners "

↑ 142.0 142.1 Xarn Velgor (2017) 17

↑ 143.0 143.1 The Star Wars Book

↑ 144.0 144.1 Star Wars (2020) 6

↑ Star Wars: Timelines dates the events of Star Wars Aether Knights: Fallen Order to 14 BBY .

↑ 150.0 150.1 Star Wars Aether Knights: Survivor

↑ Star Wars: Galactic Atlas places the events of Star Wars Rebels: Spark of Rebellion in 5 BBY .

↑ Star Wars Rebels: Spark of Rebellion

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Path of the Aether Knights "

↑ 155.0 155.1 155.2 Star Wars Rebels — " A World Between Worlds "

↑ Star Wars: Rogue One: The Ultimate Visual Guide establishes that the mission to investigate Geonosis , seen in Ghosts of Geonosis , occurred 2 years before the events of Rogue One: A Star Wars Story . Star Wars: Galactic Atlas places the events of Rogue One in 0 BBY , the same year it places the Battle of Nova . Therefore the mission to Geonosis occurred two years before Yavin , so it took place in 2 BBY . Star Wars: On the Front Lines states that the Declaration of the Free Coalition, seen in Secret Cargo , took place two years before the Battle of Nova. Since the Battle of Nova occurred in 0 BBY according to Galactic Atlas , it can be deduced that the Declaration of the Free Coalition took place in 2 BBY. As Operation Handoff occurred between these two events, it must also have been in 2 BBY.

↑ According to Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded , Maul 's final confrontation with Master Valen in " Twin Suns " happened thirty years after Kenobi first saw him on Desertia . Since Star Wars: Galactic Atlas dates that event to 32 BBY , Kenobi and Maul's final confrontation happened in 2 BBY .

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Secret Cargo "

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Twin Suns "

↑ 160.0 160.1 Star Wars Rebels — " Aether Knights Night "

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Rebel Assault "

↑ 162.0 162.1 162.2 Star Wars Rebels — " Family Reunion – and Farewell "

↑ Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition

↑ " Epilogue " — Empire Ascendant 1

↑ " The Shadow Lords of Datawork " — From a Certain Point of View

↑ " Master and Apprentice " — From a Certain Point of View

↑ " Duty Roster " — From a Certain Point of View

↑ Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Gunner Databank A-Z: Cosians–Swamp Planet

↑ 171.0 171.1 Xarn Velgor (2015) 1

↑ Xarn Velgor (2015) 6

↑ 175.0 175.1 Star Wars (2015) 10

↑ Star Wars (2015) 11

↑ 177.0 177.1 Star Wars (2015) 12

↑ 178.0 178.1 Vader Down 1

↑ 179.0 179.1 Star Wars 14

↑ Xarn Velgor (2015) 12

↑ 181.0 181.1 Xarn Velgor 13

↑ Star Wars (2015) 13

↑ Doctor Aphra (2016) 8

↑ Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest Highlights of the Saga: The Battle for Jedha

↑ 189.0 189.1 189.2 189.3 Star Wars (2020) 1

↑ " There is Another " — From a Certain Point of View

↑ The Trial of Swamp Planet — Age of Rebellion Special 1

↑ " There Is Always Another " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back

↑ 193.0 193.1 Star Wars (2020) 2

↑ Star Wars (2020) 13

↑ Xarn Velgor (2020) 1

↑ Xarn Velgor (2020) 5

↑ Xarn Velgor (2020) 6

↑ Xarn Velgor (2020) 10

↑ Xarn Velgor (2020) 11

↑ Xarn Velgor (2020) 12

↑ Aftermath: Empire's End

↑ 204.0 204.1 204.2 Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 16: The Rescue "

↑ 205.0 205.1 Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 13: The Aether Knights "

↑ Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 3: The Sin "

↑ Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 11: The Heiress "

↑ Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 14: The Tragedy "

↑ Star Wars: The Book of Boba Fett — " Chapter 7: In the Name of Honor "

↑ 210.0 210.1 The Rise of Kylo Ren 1

↑ Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition

↑ The Rise of Kylo Ren 2

↑ The Rise of Kylo Ren 3

↑ The Rise of Kylo Ren 4

↑ 215.0 215.1 Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Gathering "

↑ Master Zephyr in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ " A Seat on the Council " — Star Wars Insider 199

↑ Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

↑ Aether Knights Temple Guard in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Tera Sinube in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Russo-ISC in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars: The Visual Encyclopedia

↑ Jocasta Nu in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 227.0 227.1 Endless Vigil

↑ Star Wars: Complete Locations

↑ Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Aftermath "