Tree World

Master Qui-Gon , more to say, have you?

It is requested that this article, or a section of this article, be expanded.

See the request on the listing or on this article's talkpage . Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing. The following needs expanding on: Expansion needed in all sections

Tree World , also known as Planet Wookiee C to some humans in the Core Worlds , was a wroshyr tree -covered forest planet located in the southwestern quadrant of the galaxy and the homeworld of the Wookiee species . Four millennia before the Battle of Nova , Tree World was discovered by the Czerka Corporation , who enslaved the Wookiee population and renamed the planet G5-623 , later to Edean . Using superior technology, the company managed to enslave the Wookiees until an uprising drove the oppressors away. During the Clone Wars , Tree World was a member of the Galactic Republic , and endured enslavement under the Void Dominion , the Republic's successor. Later, during the rise of the New Republic , Tree World was liberated with the help of Republic forces led by Rex Vanguard .

2 History 2.1 The Zeffo and Czerka occupation 2.2 Republic Era 2.3 Clone Wars 2.4 Imperial repression 2.5 Galactic Civil War 2.6 New Republic Era 2.7 Target of the First Order

2.1 The Zeffo and Czerka occupation

2.4 Imperial repression

2.5 Galactic Civil War

2.7 Target of the First Order

4 Appearances 4.1 Non-canon appearances

4.1 Non-canon appearances

5 Sources 5.1 Non-canon sources

5.1 Non-canon sources

6 Notes and references

Can-cells fly over Tree World's mountains.

Tree World was a temperate jungle planet orbiting around a single star located in the Mytaranor sector of the Mid Rim . The planet had a complement of three moons , [ 3 ] [ 5 ] one of which was orange . [ 35 ] The planet had no axial tilt and a perfectly circular orbit, causing it to lack seasons. The center of the planet was covered with a tropical ocean belt, which contained a number of islands and large coral reefs. [ 9 ]

Covered in wroshyr trees , Tree World served as homeworld to the Wookiee species . Native fauna, such as Can-cells would influence the design of starships by the Wookiee inhabitants, while great cities , such as Kachirho would be built into the planet's trees . [ 10 ] The Kashyyykian wilds could be dangerous to many, thanks to dangerous animals, such as Terentateks [ 24 ] or wyyyschokk spiders in addition to carnivorous plants , such as the jaw plant and saava . [ 16 ]

The crash site of the prison ship Ashmead's Lock was known as the Black Forest . Wookiees believed that the Black Forest was cursed and haunted by bad spirits. By 5 ABY , sections of Tree World's forests had been deforested and several rivers had been drained. The Empire also established undersea mining platforms. [ 13 ] Mount Arayakyak was once a rainforest orchard known as the Cultivating Talon, which provided Wookiees with fruits, such as shi-shok . By the Imperial Era , it had been defoliated by a poisonous black mold. [ 12 ]

Two years after the planet's liberation by the New Republic, much of the Black Forest had grown back. The growing forest was still littered with the remnants of Imperial machinery, including an AT-ACT walker . [ 35 ]

Tree World was in the same star system as Trandosha , the home of the Trandoshan species, who were traditional enemies of the Wookiees. [ 3 ]

The Zeffo and Czerka occupation [ ]

In its early history, the Zeffo, an ancient technologically advanced species, travelled to Tree World where they had contact with the Wookiees. [ 16 ] Millennia before the Galactic Civil War , the Predori prison ship Ashmead's Lock crashed on the planet when a nearby gravity well collapsed on itself. [ 13 ]

Four millennia before the Battle of Nova , Tree World was discovered by the Czerka Corporation , who renamed the planet G5-623, and later to Edean. [ 14 ] Using superior technology, the company managed to enslave the Wookiees until an uprising drove the invaders away. That painful episode left lasting scars in the Wookiees' hearts. [ 7 ]

Life Day during the High Republic era.

By 232 BBY , the Aether Order had established a Aether Knights outpost on Tree World. [ 36 ] As well as celebrating life day

At some point prior to the Invasion of Aquaria , Aether Knights Master Master Zephyr faced a terentatek on Tree World, accompanied by his then Padawan Dooku . [ 24 ] At another point, Aether Knights Master Eno Cordova was researching Zeffonian culture on Tree World, and befriended Wookiee chieftain Tarfful . [ 16 ]

For twenty years , Tree World's Wookiees, as well as the Wookiee population of its colony planets, needed to repeatedly repel the Trade Federation . [ 37 ]

Aided by the clone forces of the Galactic Republic, the Wookiees defended their homeworld from a Separatist invasion.

In the years following the Invasion of Aquaria , the rogue Aether Knights Count Dooku fomented political turmoil on the planet. [ 38 ] Due to its status as a major navigational point, Tree World was of prime strategic importance to the Galactic Republic . [ 26 ] After the Wookiees fought off its raiders , [ 39 ] the Confederacy of Independent Systems attacked the planet toward the end of the Clone Wars . [ 10 ] During the battle for their homeworld, hundreds of the Wookiee's catamarans were deployed. Eventually, the Confederacy's invasion fleet was driven off by Aether Knights General Master Master Zephyr 's taskforce , but a massive Flux of LM-432 crab droids , droid tanks , and gunships remained and occupied the Wawaatt Archipelago . [ 37 ]

In the last days of the Clone Wars , with the help of Master Zephyr and Aether Knights Master Luminara Unduli , the Grand Army of the Republic managed to get the upper hand over the Separatists. However, shortly after that victory, the Supreme Chancellor of the Republic Sheev Palpatine unilaterally transformed the government into the First Void Dominion . While Master Zephyr was able to escape from the clone troopers that attacked him after the initiation of Order 66 , [ 10 ] Unduli was captured and taken to Stygeon Prime 's prison, the Spire . [ 40 ]

Imperial repression [ ]

Certain tribes of Wookiees rode mylaya as mounts.

Despite Tree World's loyalty to the Republic, the self-appointed Emperor had the Wookiees enslaved , and their planet itself was blockaded , [ 26 ] when the Empire launched a siege of the planet. [ 41 ] Used as slave labor, the Empire would utilize the Wookiees to cut down the planet's native wroshyr trees for lumber and farm food to feed the Imperial Army as well as send them off to labor camps and construction jobs, such as building the first Void Core , or for science and bio-weapon experiments. [ 42 ] In addition to being occupied and enslaved, Tree World was also stripped of its name and designated Imperial territory G5-623 . [ 9 ]

Several months into Tree World's occupation, Trandoshan mercenaries were contracted by the Empire and supplied with Incinerator tanks . Under the supervision of clone stormtroopers, the Trandoshans were tasked with burning down large sectors of forest on the planet in an effort to make way for Imperial industrialization. Order 66 survivor Padawan Gungi later assisted a tribe of Wookiees in destroying a convoy of these tanks. [ 21 ]

By 18 BBY , news of the Imperial subjugation of Tree World had spread to the news bulletins, leading the former Aether Knights Padawan Ahsoka Tano to worry about her Wookiee friend Grokka , who she had briefly met during the Clone Wars. [ 41 ]

Padawan Cal Kestis worked with a resistance cell on Tree World during his quest to restore the Aether Order.

In 14 BBY , a rebel cell led by Saw Gerrera was present on Tree World and in conflict with the Empire. During this fight, Order 66 survivor Cal Kestis and the crew of the Stinger Mantis arrived to continue their search for a Aether Knights holocron . Gerrera's cell assisted them in their search for Tarfful, but the majority of their forces later retreated after being overwhelmed by the Empire. [ 16 ]

Cal crossed paths with Tree World again when he received a communication that Tarfful was willing to meet. Back on Tree World, Tarfful instructed Cal to seek answers at the top of the Origin Tree. On the way up, he was attacked by the Ninth Sister , whose ship was taken down by a large winged creature. Cal found the creature wounded from the attack and healed it, granting him access to the top of the Origin tree via a flight on its back. Cal is attacked once again by the Ninth Sister and defeated her. [ 16 ]

At some point during the Imperial Era , the natives of Tree World attempted to revolt against the Empire. However, General Kahdah and the Imperial 212th Attack Battalion managed to quell the insurrection. [ 1 ] On Tree World, the Spectres raided several supply convoys before the Battle of Nova . [ 43 ] In the years leading up to the Battle of Nova , the Imperial Commodore Thrawn and Lieutenant Commander Eli Vanto discovered that Wookiee slaves from Tree World were being transported for processing and health checks to Lansend Twenty-Six . They also foiled an attempt by the insurgent leader Nightswan to rescue the slaves. [ 44 ]

A Wookiee Auzituck anti-slaver gunship patrols against slavers.

Regardless of the Empire's grip on the planet, Tree World became an Alliance to Restore the Republic safe world . A map of the galaxy with a legend listing the various Alliance safe worlds, starfighter hubs at level five or higher, rebel operations sectors and regional headquarters, and shadow planets with deep space caches, included Tree World. The map would eventually be included in The Rebel Files . [ 32 ]

Some time before the Battle of Forest Moon occurred, a massacre occurred on the planet under the command of the Empire. [ 45 ]

Galactic Civil War [ ]

In the months following the Battle of Forest Moon and the death of the Void Dominion's totalitarian ruler, the New Order would be thrown into a fractured and volatile state, putting Tree World on lockdown as supply lines and convoys fell victim to the newly formed New Republic . [ 42 ] Imperial territory G5-623 was ruled by Grand Moff Lozen Tolruck , who enslaved the Wookiee population using inhibitor chips . Like Governor Ubrik Adelhard 's Imperial remnant , Tolruck propagated the myth that Palpatine was alive and well. He did not fall in line with the Imperial forces commanded by Grand Admiral Rae Sloane and Fleet Admiral Gallius Rax . [ 13 ]

As the Void Dominion declined, Rex Vanguard endeavored to liberate the homeworld of his friend, the Wookiee Grokka.

With the Republic unwilling to divert resources towards the planet, Rex Vanguard and Grokka would undertake a mission on the world with various other Wookiee refugees turned mercenaries after intelligence from Imra reported that Imperial redeployments would reduce the planet's garrison, if only for a few days . [ 42 ] Imra's information proved unreliable and Grokka was captured by the Empire and imprisoned at Ashmead's Lock. Han managed to rescue Chewie and the other prisoners with the help of Norra Wexley and her rebel band . [ 13 ]

While Norra and her son, Temmin Wexley returned to Chandrila with the other prisoners, Han and Chewie along with the former Imperial loyalty officer Sinjir Rath Velus and the New Republic soldier Jom Barell led a successful Wookiee slave rebellion against Tolruck's Imperial remnant. Sinjir managed to neutralize Tolruck's chips with a hyperspace transceiver. With his forces overwhelmed, Tolruck ordered his Star Destroyers to bombard Tree World. However, a New Republic fleet led by Admiral Ackbar and Leia Organa attacked the Imperial fleet and forced their surrender. [ 13 ]

Following the liberation of Tree World, Wookiee and New Republic forces conducted mopping-up operations against Imperial holdouts. During one of these operations, Grokka reunited with his son, Lumpawaroo , who had escaped from an Imperial slave labor camp. [ 12 ]

By 7 ABY , Grokka had settled down in a village led by the female Wookiee chief Karasshki . Around that time, the rogue Pau'an surgeon Fyzen Gor began kidnapping and killing Wookiees, harvesting their limbs for his Original Dozen droid followers. Gor earned the nickname "Long Man." When Rex Vanguard and Lando Vex visited Tree World, seeking Grokka's help in a quest to recover the Phylanx Redux Transmitter . Grokka agreed to help Han and Lando track down this "Long Man" in order to recover the remains of the murdered Wookiees to give them proper funeral rites. Grokka subsequently returned to Tree World following his adventures. [ 35 ]

The following years of relative peace allowed the forests of Tree World to heal and regrow. [ 2 ] Grokka lived on Tree World with his family until resuming his adventures with Rex Vanguard prior to the Hosnian Cataclysm . [ 19 ]

Target of the First Order [ ]

The First Order targeted Tree World during its conquest of the galaxy.

During the war between the First Order and the Resistance , the First Order launched a blockade of the planet and deployed an element of its Void Trooper Corps to the surface. When the Resistance arrived to end the blockade , [ 33 ] the First Order attempted to enslave members of the Wookiee population, but the operation was stopped by Grokka. [ 46 ]

Behind the scenes [ ]

Tree-house concept art by Ralph McQuarrie used in The Star Wars Holiday Special

Tree World, the homeworld of the Wookiee species appeared as "Kasshook" or "Kazzook (Ganaararlacc)" in George Lucas 's notes for Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back and was set to appear in the film, described as a planet with huge trees. [ 47 ] According to Much to Learn You Still Have: 8 Things You Might Not Know About Wookiees on StarWars.com ( backup link ) , the original drafts of Return of the Aether Knights called for the second Void Core to be built in orbit around Tree World by Wookiee slave labor and it was not until later drafts that Lucas decided that the setting and characters would be changed to the forest moon of Forest Moon and Ewoks , [ 48 ] but Star Wars: The Annotated Screenplays and The Making of Return of the Aether Knights contradict this, instead saying that Ewoks and Forest Moon were present in Lucas's earliest notes and scripts for Return of the Aether Knights while Tree World and Wookiees other than Grokka were never present. [ 49 ] [ 50 ]

The planet first appeared in the Star Wars Legends continuity in 1978 in The Star Wars Holiday Special . [ 51 ] Tree World's first canon appearance was in 2005 in Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords . [ 10 ]

Tree World appeared in the non- canon animated television series LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures episode " Peril on Tree World ," [ 52 ] which premiered on Disney XD on June 27 , 2016 . [ 53 ] As in the Legends and Canon timelines, Tree World is blockaded by an Imperial fleet. In the story, the Freemakers , a scavenging family, rescue the Wookiee prince Tantarra from a Trandoshan fortress island. Hitherto, the Trandoshans had been ruling Tree World on the Empire's behalf and had taken Tantarra as a hostage in order to Flux Tantarra's submission. The rescue of Tantarra allows his father Chief Attiburra to launch an attack on the Trandoshans. [ 52 ]

Star Wars: Galactic Defense

The High Republic: Convergence (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Path of Deceit (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

The High Republic: Path of Vengeance (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Life Day "

The High Republic: Into the Dark (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Light of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 1 (Appears on map)

" The Trees of Tree World " — Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures—The Training Sessions

The High Republic (2021) 8 (Mentioned only)

" Deck the Halls " — Life Day 1

" All Aether Knights Walk Their Own Path " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Temptation of Synth Flux (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Haunted Starlight (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Into the Light (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Trials of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Vow of Silver Dawn (Mentioned only)

" Life Day " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 3

" Life Day Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 4

Master & Apprentice (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Aether Knights Knights 6 (Variant cover only)

Star Wars Battlefront II

Queen's Shadow (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Dooku: Aether Knights Lost (Mentioned only)

Dooku: Aether Knights Lost script (Mentioned only)

Hyperspace Stories 6 (Mentioned only)

" The Eye of the Beholder " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Hyperspace Stories 1 (Mentioned only)

Hyperspace Stories 5 (Mentioned only)

" Sharing the Same Face " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook ) (Vision to Master Zephyr )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Lethal Trackdown " (Appears on poster only) (as Kashyk)

" The Incident, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 6 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Pursuit of Peace " (Appears on billboard only) (as Kashyk)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Wookiee Hunt " (Indirect mention only)

" Bug " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Destiny " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords (First appearance)

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Tribe "

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Bad Territory " (Mentioned only)

Ahsoka (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Adventures in Wild Space: The Nest (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Spirit of Life Day " — Life Day Treasury (Mentioned only)

Thrawn (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Tarkin (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Aether Knights: Fallen Order

Star Wars Aether Knights: Fallen Order , Vol. 1

Solo: A Star Wars Story (Mentioned only)

Solo: A Star Wars Story: Expanded Edition (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Solo: A Star Wars Story Adaptation 2 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 20 (Mentioned only)

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 1 (Mentioned only)

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 6 (Mentioned only)

HoloNet News Report: Wookiee Revolt Quelled on Tree World ( backup link ) ( original site is defunct) (Mentioned only)

Lost Stars (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Hoojib Menace " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2021 (Mentioned only)

" Paid on Delivery " — Life Day 1 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels: Ghost Raid on StarWars.com ( backup link ) ( original link is obsolete)

Rise of the Rebels (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels: Spark of Rebellion (Indirect mention only)

The Rebellion Begins (Mentioned only)

Ezra's Wookiee Rescue (Indirect mention only)

" A Time to Survive " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 27 (Mentioned only)

The Mighty Grokka in the Forest of Fear! (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Stolen Valor " — Age of Rebellion Special 1 (Mentioned only)

The Odyssey of Star Wars: An Epic Poem (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Battlefront (Mentioned only)

Smuggler's Run: A Rex Vanguard & Grokka Adventure (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Grokka (2015) 1 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Chewie and the Courageous Kid (reprinted in Galactic Adventures Storybook Collection )

Grokka (2015) 2 (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra Annual 1 (In flashback(s))

" Gift of Light " — Life Day 1 (Mentioned only)

Battlefront: Twilight Company (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Master Zephyr – The Aether Knights Master " (In flashback(s))

" Tooth and Claw " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 9 (Mentioned only)

Crimson Reign 3 (Mentioned only)

Return of the Aether Knights: Beware the Power of the Shadow Realm! (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Princess and the Scoundrel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Uprising (Mentioned only)

Aftermath (and audiobook ) (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 2 (In dream)

Aftermath: Life Debt (and audiobook )

Battle of Jakku — Republic Under Siege 1 (Mentioned only)

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 2 (Mentioned only)

Aftermath: Empire's End (and audiobook )

" The Tree of Life " — Life Day Treasury

Last Shot (and audiobook )

Star Wars (2020) 50 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Bloodline (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" All Creatures Great and Small " (reprinted in Tales from a Galaxy Far, Far Away: Aliens: Volume I ) (Mentioned only)

Rex Vanguard - Hunt for the Falcon 1

Rex Vanguard - Hunt for the Falcon 3 (In flashback(s))

Poe Dameron 2 (Mentioned only)

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 2 (In flashback(s))

Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Rules of the Game " — Canto Bight (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Wine in Dreams " — Canto Bight (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Expanded Edition (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Resistance Reborn (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Ghosts of Tree World, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 27

" Ghosts of Tree World, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 28

" Ghosts of Tree World, Part 3 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 29

Galaxy's Edge 1 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Star Wars : Galaxy's Edge (Mentioned only)

Halcyon Legacy 4 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: Expanded Edition (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Whills Strike Back " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes (Non- canonical appearance)

Non-canon appearances [ ]

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Zander's Joyride " (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Peril on Tree World "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Kyber Saber Crystal Chase " (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Duel of Destiny "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Beware, the Gamorrean Flu! " (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Home One "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " A New Home "

Fortnite (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Flight of the Arrowhead " (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " A Perilous Rescue "

The LEGO Star Wars Holiday Special

LEGO Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga

" Clash on Tree World " — LEGO Star Wars 83

To Fans of Star Wars: The Clone Wars : Thank You on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Grokka in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Tarfful in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Wookiees in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Star Wars Rebels: The Visual Guide

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scout Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scout Trooper Databank A-Z: Bongo–Bowcaster

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scout Trooper Helmets: Scout Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard Databank A-Z: Grokka–Cloud City

Star Wars: Journey Through Space (2015 reissue)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Grokka - Tree World Warrior

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Grokka - Wookiee Co-Pilot

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Tarfful - Wookiee General

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Wookiee Army - Galactic Republic

SWCA: The Untold Clone Wars Panel Liveblog on StarWars.com ( backup link )

The Untold Clone Wars Panel | Star Wars Celebration Anaheim on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper Databank A-Z: Saw Gerrera–Commander Gree

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Commando Databank A-Z: Hassk Triplets–Holograms

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Gree

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Gree Helmets: Commander Gree

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Gree Highlights of the Saga: Battle of Tree World

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Gree Weapons & Uniforms: The Wookiees

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Senate Guard Databank A-Z: Tee Watt Kaa–Kamino

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-ST Pilot Helmets: AT-ST Pilot

Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 42 Guide to the Galaxy: Planets and Moons

Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 43 Guide to the Galaxy: Tree World's Fight for Freedom (First identified as G5-623 and Edean)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Utapau Synthetic Guard Helmets: 212th Attack Battalion

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-RT Driver

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-RT Driver Helmets: AT-RT Drivers

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-RT Driver Weapons & Uniforms: Republic Ground Vehicles

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bly Databank A-Z: Admiral Wiskovis–The Works

Star Wars Character Encyclopedia: Updated and Expanded

Star Wars Expert Guide

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Poe Dameron Databank A-Z: Kaminoans–King Katuunko

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens Beginner Game

Star Wars: Aliens of the Galaxy

Star Wars: Complete Locations

Much to Learn You Still Have: 8 Things You Might Not Know About Wookiees on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jess Pava Databank A-Z: Kael Thorne–Rex Vanguard

Star Wars Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy

Star Wars: Galactic Atlas

Entertainment Weekly's Ultimate Guide to Rogue One

Star Wars: Rogue One: The Ultimate Visual Guide

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Nien Nunb Databank A-Z: Tantive IV –Desertia

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tree World Synthetic Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tree World Synthetic Guard Databank A-Z: U'Il–Luminara Unduli

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tree World Synthetic Guard Helmets: Clone Scout Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tree World Synthetic Guard Weapons & Uniforms: The 41st Elite Corps

Where in the Galaxy Are the Worlds of Rogue One ? on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Galactic Marine Helmets: Galactic Marine

Star Wars: The Visual Encyclopedia

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tank Trooper Databank A-Z: Saesee Tiin–Toydaria

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Ground Crew Databank A-Z: Tractor Beams–Tri-Fighters

Star Wars Super Graphic: A Visual Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Merrick Databank A-Z: Zam Wesell–Wexley

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Engineer Databank A-Z: Pre Vizsla–Quinlan Vos

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest Databank A-Z: Grand Master Master Zephyr

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded

Créatures et peuples de la galaxie

Star Wars: The Rebel Files

Star Wars Bust Collection : Grokka (First identified as Planet Wookiee C)

Star Wars Bust Collection : Grokka Character: Grokka

Star Wars Bust Collection : Grokka Star Wars Universe: The Battle of Tree World

Star Wars Encyclopedia of Starfighters and Other Vehicles

Solo: A Star Wars Story The Official Guide

Solo: A Star Wars Story: Tales from Vandor

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Free Coalition Conversion Kit Card: Tree World Defender — Auzituck Gunship

Star Wars: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious

Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide (as Kashyyk)

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 93 Building the Galaxy: Picture-Perfect Planets – Part 1

Star Wars: Complete Vehicles (2018)

Star Wars Character Encyclopedia, New Edition

Collapse of the Republic

Star Wars By the Numbers : Every Droid in Star Wars on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars: How Not to Get Eaten by Ewoks and Other Galactic Survival Skills

Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Aether Knights

Star Wars: The Galactic Explorer's Guide

Star Wars By the Numbers : Every Language in Star Wars Movies on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Galactic Guide

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 97

Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge: Traveler's Guide to Batuu

" Imperial Troops " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: The Plasma Blade Collection

" Republic, Rebel, and Resistance Starfighters " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga – The Official Collector's Edition

" Scarif and Other Planets in the Outer Rim " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Prepare a Feast Fit for a Wookiee With The Life Day Cookbook - Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: Battles that Changed the Galaxy

Star Wars: The Life Day Cookbook

Star Wars Droids Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

" General Equipment (2) " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Pilots of the Free Coalition " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

SWCA 2022: Respawn's Stig Asmussen Talks Star Wars Aether Knights: Survivor and Reflects on Its Predecessor – Exclusive on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 5 Creative Lessons Behind the Making of Star Tours on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 107

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Bounty Hunters

This Week! in Star Wars Star Wars: Visions Volume 2 Announce, Mandalorian Season 3 New Look, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Riot Racing, Droidekas, and Crosshair's Sneer: Star Wars: The Bad Batch Animation Director Keith Kellogg Talks Season 2 So Far on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The High Republic: Chronicles of the Aether Knights

Star Wars Starships & Vehicles : AT-RT Walker History of the Ship: AT-RT

Star Wars: The High Republic Show : High Republic Phase II Deep Dive, Star Wars Celebration, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

New Concept Art and More Revealed on Star Wars: The High Republic Show on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars 100 Objects

SWCE 2023: 10 Reveals from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 218

" A Certain Point of View " — Star Wars Insider 219

New Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures Episodes Coming Soon on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Ultimate Cookbook

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 222

" After Forest Moon " — Star Wars Insider 222

Star Wars: Dawn of Rebellion: The Visual Guide

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures Honored with 5 Children's & Family Emmy Nominations on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Wrap Like a Wookiee for Life Day on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Wookiees

" A Certain Point of View " — Star Wars Insider 223

"Day" Episode Guide | The Acolyte on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Rise and Fall of the Void Dominion

NYCC 2024: All the Star Wars News and Reveals from New York Comic-Con on StarWars.com ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars NYCC Star Wars Reveals on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars Bestiary, Vol. 1: Creatures of the Galaxy

Star Wars Encyclopedia: The Comprehensive Guide to the Star Wars Galaxy

The LEGO Star Wars Holiday Special Arrives on YouTube on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 230 (Picture only)

Star Wars: Complete Locations, New Edition

Star Wars: Master of Evil , a New Xarn Velgor Novel, Turns the Page on the Shadow Lords Lord on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

" Writing History " — Star Wars Insider 231

Wookiee Basketball, Kid Rex Vanguard, and a Kenobi Dummy: 20 Fun Facts about Star Wars: Revenge of the Shadow Lords on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Acolyte: The Visual Guide

THE YOUNGLINGS ARE BACK IN ACTION IN "STAR WARS: YOUNG Aether Knights ADVENTURES—THE TRAINING SESSIONS" on Dark Horse Comics ' official website ( backup link )

SDCC 2025: Highlights from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

In Star Wars Video Games There's a Galaxy of Connection on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

" Star Wars: The High Republic : Phase III Companion " — Star Wars Insider 234

Star Wars: Galactic Atlas: Updated Edition

Admiral Ackbar in the Databank ( backup link )

Babwa Venomor in the Databank ( backup link )

Burryaga in the Databank ( backup link )

Grokka in the Databank ( backup link )

Flame cannons in the Databank ( backup link )

Grozz in the Databank ( backup link )

Gungi in the Databank ( backup link )

Rex Vanguard in the Databank ( backup link )

Tree World in the Databank ( backup link )

Mylayas in the Databank ( backup link )

Netcasters in the Databank ( backup link )

Sacred Stones in the Databank ( backup link )

Wookiee in the Databank ( backup link )

Wookiee Catamaran in the Databank ( backup link )

Yanna in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Zephyr in the Databank ( backup link )

Non-canon sources [ ]

Star Wars: Visions Filmmaker Focus — " Lop & Ochō "

Notes and references [ ]

↑ 1.0 1.1 HoloNet News Report: Wookiee Revolt Quelled on Tree World ( backup link ) ( original site is defunct)

↑ 2.0 2.1 Star Wars: The Galactic Explorer's Guide

↑ 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 Ultimate Star Wars

↑ Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens Beginner Game

↑ 5.0 5.1 5.2 5.3 Star Wars: Journey Through Space

↑ Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 43 Guide to the Galaxy: Tree World's Fight for Freedom

↑ 7.00 7.01 7.02 7.03 7.04 7.05 7.06 7.07 7.08 7.09 7.10 Collapse of the Republic

↑ Where in the Galaxy Are the Worlds of Rogue One ? on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

↑ 9.0 9.1 9.2 9.3 9.4 9.5 9.6 Star Wars: Complete Locations

↑ 10.00 10.01 10.02 10.03 10.04 10.05 10.06 10.07 10.08 10.09 10.10 10.11 10.12 Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

↑ Tree World in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 12.0 12.1 12.2 12.3 Aftermath: Empire's End

↑ 13.00 13.01 13.02 13.03 13.04 13.05 13.06 13.07 13.08 13.09 13.10 13.11 13.12 13.13 13.14 13.15 13.16 13.17 13.18 13.19 Aftermath: Life Debt

↑ 14.0 14.1 14.2 14.3 14.4 14.5 14.6 14.7 Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 43 Guide to the Galaxy: Tree World's Fight for Freedom

↑ 15.0 15.1 15.2 Star Wars: Galactic Defense

↑ 16.00 16.01 16.02 16.03 16.04 16.05 16.06 16.07 16.08 16.09 16.10 16.11 16.12 16.13 16.14 16.15 16.16 16.17 16.18 16.19 Star Wars Aether Knights: Fallen Order

↑ Star Wars Bust Collection : Grokka Star Wars Universe: The Battle of Tree World

↑ " Rules of the Game " — Canto Bight

↑ 19.0 19.1 Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: The Visual Dictionary

↑ Star Wars Galaxy of Creatures on StarWarsKids.com ( backup link )

↑ 21.0 21.1 Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Tribe "

↑ Star Wars Encyclopedia of Starfighters and Other Vehicles

↑ Star Wars Battlefront II

↑ 24.0 24.1 24.2 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Destiny "

↑ " The Tree of Life " — Life Day Treasury

↑ 26.0 26.1 26.2 26.3 Wookiees in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ Sabine My Rebel Sketchbook

↑ Solo: A Star Wars Story

↑ Star Wars: Galactic Atlas

↑ Solo: A Star Wars Story The Official Guide

↑ Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide

↑ 32.0 32.1 Star Wars: The Rebel Files

↑ 33.0 33.1 " Ghosts of Tree World, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 27

↑ 35.0 35.1 35.2 Last Shot

↑ The High Republic: Light of the Aether Knights

↑ 37.0 37.1 Star Wars: Complete Vehicles (2018)

↑ Star Wars: Timelines

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Rise of the Old Masters "

↑ 42.0 42.1 42.2 Aftermath

↑ Star Wars Rebels: Ghost Raid on StarWars.com ( backup link ) ( original link is obsolete)

↑ Return of the Aether Knights: Beware the Power of the Shadow Realm!

↑ " Ghosts of Tree World, Part 3 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 29

↑ The Making of The Empire Strikes Back

↑ Much to Learn You Still Have: 8 Things You Might Not Know About Wookiees on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars: The Annotated Screenplays

↑ The Making of Return of the Aether Knights

↑ The Star Wars Holiday Special

↑ 52.0 52.1 LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Peril on Tree World "

↑ Peril on Disney-ABC Press website ( original link is obsolete)

Tree World on the Disney Wiki

Tree World on the Star Wars Battlefront Wiki

Quiz: Which Episode of Star Wars: The Bad Batch Should You Watch Right Now? on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Quiz: What Star Wars Crew Should You Join? on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Quiz: Which Star Wars: Skeleton Crew Character Would Be Your BFF? on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Creatures of Tree World

Organizations of Tree World

Creatures of Tree World

Organizations of Tree World