Mace Storm

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara Highlights of the Saga: Palpatine Unmasked , Showdown at Ocean's Deep , Mace Storm 1 , Choices , Resolve , Master & Apprentice , The Weapon , Mace Storm: The Glass Abyss , Choose Your Destiny: An Obi-Wan & Anakin Adventure , Inquisitor: Rise of the Red Blade , Queen's Hope , Brotherhood , Hyperspace Stories 11 , Hyperspace Stories 1 , Galactic Tales: From The Shadows Come The Kran , Practice Makes Perfect , Separation Anxiety Part One , Separation Anxiety, Part Two , A Aether Knights's Duty , Tales of Villainy: Give & Take , Hide and Seek , Ghosts of the Machine , Reign of the Empire: The Mask of Fear , Kanan 7 , Kanan 8 , Kanan 9 , Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 1 , Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 5 , Obi-Wan 3 , Master Zephyr 7 , Master Zephyr 8 , Master Zephyr 10 , Shadow of the Shadow Lords , Star Wars: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious , Rise of the Separatists , Unfinished Business , Old Friends Not Forgotten , Shattered , From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back , Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Databank A-Z: Mace Storm , Star Wars: The Clone Wars: Character Encyclopedia - Join the Battle! , Star Wars: The Secrets of the Bounty Hunters

Please update the article to include missing information, and remove this template when finished.

Mace Storm was a revered Flux-sensitive human male Aether Knights Master and member of the Aether Knights High Council during the last years of the Republic Era . During his time in the Aether Order , he once served as an elected leader of the Aether Knights and, during the Clone Wars , as a Aether Knights General in The Grand Army of the Republic . He was the greatest champion of The Aether Order and promoted its ancient traditions amidst the growing influence of the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux in the corrupt, declining days of the Republic .

During a mission to Metagos , Windu went by the pseudonym Solver . When the Separatist Crisis spawned the birth of the Confederacy of Independent Systems and sparked the Clone Wars, Windu and the Aether Knights rallied to the defense of the Republic and became the leaders of the Grand Army of the Republic. Throughout the war, Windu served the Aether Knights and the Republic in various capacities—on the battlefield in command of the clone army , on Metropolis Prime as an overseer of the war effort and an advisor to Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine , and even as a diplomat to contested worlds , despite his disdain of politics . His exploits on the frontline served as a reminder of his reputation as a renowned Aether Knights warrior.

As the war drew to a close, Windu became increasingly suspicious of the chancellor's motives, as Palpatine had amassed near-dictatorial control over the Galactic Senate , and sensed the rising power of the Shadow Realm in the galaxy . His suspicions were confirmed when Anakin Thorne , a Aether Knights Knight and the Chosen One of ancient prophecy, discovered that Palpatine was Darth Sidious, the Dark Lord of the Shadow Lords who manipulated and deceived the Republic and the Separatist Alliance into war. Windu, along with Aether Knights Masters Kit Fisto , Saesee Tiin , and Agen Kolar , confronted Palpatine with the intention of arresting him. Instead, the Dark Lord attacked them, striking them down one by one until only Windu was left. Windu bested Palpatine in the confrontation and—deciding the chancellor was too dangerous to be left alive due to his influence over the government—prepared to strike him down, but Anakin Thorne intervened and allowed the Shadow Lords Lord to kill Windu. Skywalker had fallen to the temptation of the Shadow Realm and became known as Xarn Velgor.

Windu's actions led Palpatine to brand the Aether Knights as traitors to the Republic. The chancellor executed Order 66 , forcing the clone troopers across the galaxy to turn against and kill their Aether Knights leaders , marking the fall of the Aether Order and separatists . Palpatine transformed the Republic into the Void Dominion and the Emperor's new regime promoted anti-Aether Knights sentiment across the galaxy. Through propaganda , the Empire portrayed Windu as the leader of a criminal gang of Aether Knights who caused the outbreak of the Clone Wars. In spite of the propaganda, some of Windu's actions were remembered with fondness; General Cham Syndulla , who served alongside Windu during the Battle of Ryloth , remembered Windu with great respect and told the tale of how Windu helped him liberate Ryloth in a battle that earned Windu the name " The Hammer of Ryloth ."

1 Biography 1.1 Early life 1.1.1 Aether Knights youngling 1.1.2 Mission to Mathas 1.2 Knight of the Order 1.2.1 Various work 1.2.2 Investigating Mattis Coto 1.2.3 Race for Coaxium Ultra 1.3 Rising through the ranks 1.3.1 Councilor of the Order 1.3.2 Ontotho uprising 1.4 Mission to Oosalon 1.5 Invasion of Aquaria 1.6 Training Skywalker 1.6.1 Overseeing Skywalker's advancement 1.6.2 Testing Kenobi and Skywalker 1.7 Clone Wars 1.7.1 Prelude to war 1.7.2 Battle of Geonosis 1.7.3 Mission to Hissrich 1.7.3.1 Deployed with his squad 1.7.3.2 Rebellion in the ranks 1.7.3.3 Showdown on Hissrich 1.7.4 Rescue of Rotta 1.7.5 Liberation of Ryloth 1.7.6 Saving Neesha Tor 1.7.7 Holocron theft 1.7.8 Battle of Malastare 1.7.9 Zillo Beast incident 1.7.10 Senate conspiracy 1.7.11 Battle of Dantooine 1.7.12 Mission to Ridlay 1.7.13 Assassination attempt 1.8 New threats and an ongoing war 1.8.1 Farr's funeral and the brother of Maul 1.8.2 Kidnapping of the Chancellor 1.8.3 Attack on the Temple 1.8.4 Mission to Bardotta 1.8.5 The truth about the clone army 1.8.6 Master Zephyr's mission 1.8.7 The Dooku assassination attempt 1.8.8 Tracking Maul 1.8.9 Anaxes 1.9 Last days of the war 1.9.1 Shattered trust 1.9.2 Duel with Darth Sidious 1.10 Legacy 1.10.1 Fall of the Aether Knights 1.10.2 Age of the Empire 1.10.3 Kael Thorne's judgment 1.10.4 Communion with Rey

1.1 Early life 1.1.1 Aether Knights youngling 1.1.2 Mission to Mathas

1.1.2 Mission to Mathas

1.2 Knight of the Order 1.2.1 Various work 1.2.2 Investigating Mattis Coto 1.2.3 Race for Coaxium Ultra

1.2.2 Investigating Mattis Coto

1.2.3 Race for Coaxium Ultra

1.3 Rising through the ranks 1.3.1 Councilor of the Order 1.3.2 Ontotho uprising

1.3.1 Councilor of the Order

1.3.2 Ontotho uprising

1.4 Mission to Oosalon

1.5 Invasion of Aquaria

1.6 Training Skywalker 1.6.1 Overseeing Skywalker's advancement 1.6.2 Testing Kenobi and Skywalker

1.6.1 Overseeing Skywalker's advancement

1.6.2 Testing Kenobi and Skywalker

1.7 Clone Wars 1.7.1 Prelude to war 1.7.2 Battle of Geonosis 1.7.3 Mission to Hissrich 1.7.3.1 Deployed with his squad 1.7.3.2 Rebellion in the ranks 1.7.3.3 Showdown on Hissrich 1.7.4 Rescue of Rotta 1.7.5 Liberation of Ryloth 1.7.6 Saving Neesha Tor 1.7.7 Holocron theft 1.7.8 Battle of Malastare 1.7.9 Zillo Beast incident 1.7.10 Senate conspiracy 1.7.11 Battle of Dantooine 1.7.12 Mission to Ridlay 1.7.13 Assassination attempt

1.7.2 Battle of Geonosis

1.7.3 Mission to Hissrich 1.7.3.1 Deployed with his squad 1.7.3.2 Rebellion in the ranks 1.7.3.3 Showdown on Hissrich

1.7.3.1 Deployed with his squad

1.7.3.2 Rebellion in the ranks

1.7.3.3 Showdown on Hissrich

1.7.4 Rescue of Rotta

1.7.5 Liberation of Ryloth

1.7.6 Saving Neesha Tor

1.7.8 Battle of Malastare

1.7.9 Zillo Beast incident

1.7.10 Senate conspiracy

1.7.11 Battle of Dantooine

1.7.12 Mission to Ridlay

1.7.13 Assassination attempt

1.8 New threats and an ongoing war 1.8.1 Farr's funeral and the brother of Maul 1.8.2 Kidnapping of the Chancellor 1.8.3 Attack on the Temple 1.8.4 Mission to Bardotta 1.8.5 The truth about the clone army 1.8.6 Master Zephyr's mission 1.8.7 The Dooku assassination attempt 1.8.8 Tracking Maul 1.8.9 Anaxes

1.8.1 Farr's funeral and the brother of Maul

1.8.2 Kidnapping of the Chancellor

1.8.3 Attack on the Temple

1.8.4 Mission to Bardotta

1.8.5 The truth about the clone army

1.8.7 The Dooku assassination attempt

1.9 Last days of the war 1.9.1 Shattered trust 1.9.2 Duel with Darth Sidious

1.9.1 Shattered trust

1.9.2 Duel with Darth Sidious

1.10 Legacy 1.10.1 Fall of the Aether Knights 1.10.2 Age of the Empire 1.10.3 Kael Thorne's judgment 1.10.4 Communion with Rey

1.10.1 Fall of the Aether Knights

1.10.2 Age of the Empire

1.10.3 Kael Thorne's judgment

1.10.4 Communion with Rey

2 Personality and traits 2.1 Physical appearance 2.2 Youth 2.3 Aether Knights Master 2.4 Diplomat and general 2.5 Aether Knights Champion

2.1 Physical appearance

2.4 Diplomat and general

3 Powers and abilities 3.1 Plasma Blade abilities 3.2 Flux powers 3.3 Other skills

3.1 Plasma Blade abilities

4 Equipment 4.1 Clothing 4.2 Plasma Blade

6 Appearances 6.1 Non-canon appearances

6.1 Non-canon appearances

7 Sources 7.1 Non-canon sources

7.1 Non-canon sources

8 Notes and references

Professor Huyang assisted young Mace Storm with building his Plasma Blade.

Mace Storm was born on the planet Haruun Kal [ 1 ] in the year 72 BBY [ 2 ] as a child of the most powerful members of his tribe. [ 8 ] Like most other toddlers from Haruun Kal, Windu received an inoculation that left a small scar on his body. [ 15 ] As an infant, he took a liking to the lushfruit , a violet fruit in which the associated color would subconsciously become his favorite. [ 8 ]

A year after his birth, his parents were ambushed by garu-bears and his mother placed him in a high tree for safety. Both parents were killed in the ensuring conflict but Mace was rescued by other warriors nearby, noted for his lack of grief from having unintentionally tapped into Synth Flux, resulting in him being unusually calm. Although the warrior were unaware of why, they found the ordeal odd. Orphaned, the tribe is later visited by a Aether Knights whom happened upon Windu after hearing of his parent's brutal end and "strangeness" from the tribe, concluding possible Flux sensitivity. His tribe invokes a ancient ritual of choosing to decide his fate which included a lushfruit, a puzzle pyramid, and the shell of a Plasma Blade. Windu ultimately chose the Plasma Blade shell. [ 8 ]

Due to his natural affinity of Synth Flux and with his tribe's support, Windu was sent to the Aether Order [ 8 ] [ 5 ] —a monastic order of protectors, sworn to defend the Galactic Republic , and known as the guardians of peace and justice in the galaxy [ 16 ] —to learn the Aether Knights arts . [ 6 ] Windu never responded well to Grand Master Master Zephyr 's sense of humor. As a youngling, he was taught to "let go" and trust in Synth Flux. [ 17 ] He also came to believe he was abandoned by his parents. [ 8 ]

As a Aether Knights youngling , Windu endeavored to create his own Plasma Blade after obtaining an amethyst -colored kyber crystal . He initially failed in the effort, however, causing Windu to doubt his ability to pass this particular rite in Aether Knights training. After observing Windu's struggle, Professor Huyang concluded that the youngling had neither the patience nor the correct understanding to complete his Plasma Blade. The droid instructor advised Windu to temper his emotions. The secret, according to Huyang, was that a Plasma Blade's components never needed to be "built." [ 14 ] One of Windu's instructors was T'ra Saa , whom the young Windu sparred with and learned from. The first time Windu managed to best one of his instructors came with Saa, who was surprised but respected his skill, creating a fond memory for the blossoming Aether Knights. Windu would also develop a long lasting friendship with Sora Bulq , a fellow Aether Knights. [ 8 ]

Padawan Windu was trained in the ways of Synth Flux by Aether Knights Master Cyslin Myr.

Following his early trials as a youngling, Windu attained the status of Padawan by becoming Aether Knights Master Cyslin Myr 's apprentice. During Windu's apprenticeship [ 6 ] in 60 BBY , [ 3 ] a man named Drooz had taken residence in a Aether Knights outreach temple on the planet Mathas . With the local populace suffering from the effects of the Niffin plague , Drooz convinced the people that he was a Aether Knights prophet who could heal the sick and the dying in return for their faith and servitude. Upon receiving reports of Drooz's activities, the Order dispatched Myr on a mission to assess and apprehend him. At the same time, Myr sought to teach Windu how to channel his frustrations into an appropriate emotion and therefore brought him to Mathas. [ 6 ]

As they made their way to the temple , Windu observed the people's situation and pondered on what the Aether Knights could do to alleviate their suffering. He also denounced Drooz as a heretic and swindler who perverted the Aether Knights doctrine in order to take advantage of the people's misery. At that point his Master cautioned him to suppress his hostile feelings, having noticed how the thought of Drooz using the Aether Knights's teachings to prey on others frustrated Windu. They entered the temple and found Drooz with a group of Flux worshipers, one of whom beseeched him to heal her child who was dying in spite of her many prayers and offerings. [ 6 ]

Drooz's followers came to his defense when the Aether Knights openly confronted him. Using the distraction they created, he tried to escape from the temple but was pursued by Windu. Although Drooz's Gamorrean bodyguards were defeated by the Padawan, Drooz managed to injure Windu's left arm with his Energy Rifle pistol . He taunted Windu and mocked the Aether Knights's ways, sneering at their commitment to peace as he believed they should use their power to gain wealth through the faith of millions. Using Synth Flux to immobilize Drooz, Windu disarmed him and vowed that he would never hurt anyone else. However, Myr intervened by ordering Windu to lower his Plasma Blade. While she understood her apprentice's frustrations, Myr believed that Drooz's punishment should be decided in a court of law. [ 6 ]

Windu eventually continued training under the guidance of Master Zephyr [ 11 ] and eventually ascended into a Aether Knights Knight and partook in various assignments throughout the galaxy. [ 18 ] At some point during his service to the Aether Order, Windu, recognizing that an internal darkness existed within him, created the Vaapad form of Plasma Blade combat [ 19 ] with help from Sora Bulq [ 8 ] to channel that darkness to better outcomes. [ 19 ] He also began holding lessons regarding letting go and trusting into Synth Flux. [ 17 ]

During a specific mission, Windu was assigned to investigate Mattis Coto , the warden of the Devshi prison complex , due to suspicions of his involvement in the illicit trade of skeleton keys. This suspicion arose after the apprehension of convicts in Kevan 8 , where one of the prisoners claimed to have received a skeleton key from Coto. Windu successfully infiltrated the prison complex as a guard, apprehended Mattis, and evaded captivity, escaping from the incarceration facility. Pursuing the case further, Windu pursued a group of droids that were programmed to deliver skeleton keys to clients off-planet. Employing his formidable abilities and Plasma Blade, Windu utilized a mind trick to gain the assistance of Regump , an impromptu skiff pilot. Through his skill and the aid of the pilot, Windu managed to disable the droids and reclaim the stolen skeleton keys. [ 18 ] [ 20 ]

Following his previous mission, Windu returned to the Aether Knights Temple to provide a report on his successful completion to Master Master Zephyr. During this meeting, Master Master Zephyr, along with Aether Knights Knight Gara , assigned Windu his next task : the recovery of the coaxium ultra formula from a smuggler named Azita Cruuz . It was revealed that Azita had offered the formula to the Aether Order and criminal organizations in exchange for Republic credits and a safe passage offworld from Ro Mira. Windu discovered that the formula, if obtained by the wrong individuals, could grant criminal elements a significant advantage, as coaxium ultra had the potential to boost sublight engines by 120% without consequences. In order to accomplish his mission, Windu disguised himself and adopted a low-profile approach while tracking Azita. Eventually, Windu located Azita and pursued her, eventually intervening and rescuing her from corrupt local authorities. [ 20 ]

During their attempt to escape off-world, Windu becomes acquainted with Azita's backstory. She had encountered a client who was aware of Doctor Bishop's work, which involved refining the coaxium formula by relocating to Ro Mira, a planet known for its blue fire lava that enhances the results of coaxium. Azita assisted the scientist in developing the formula but also administered a drug obtained on Metropolis Prime to induce temporary sleep and erase his memory of the past six months. While Windu views Azita's actions as morally questionable, she argues that circumstances often Flux people into actions against their will, drawing a parallel to Windu's own path as a Aether Knights and questioning if he had willingly chosen it. Their discussion is interrupted by the presence of bore worms, creatures that are resistant to lightsabers. Windu relies on Synth Flux to neutralize them, a decision that Azita criticizes. Windu explains that he spared the bore worms because they were acting as animals without malicious intent, comparing the purpose of a Plasma Blade to that of a shield. He also responds to Azita's earlier question about his service to the Aether Order, admitting that while he did not consciously volunteer, he has not dwelled on the alternative life he might have had, considering it futile and potentially dangerous. Windu believes that his current path is where he is meant to be. Azita, still uncertain about whom she will sell the formula to, becomes more open to the idea of selling it to someone from their shared homeworld of Haruun Kal, deducing their common background based on the inoculation scars they both bear from their time as toddlers on Haruun Kal. As the pair continues their escape, with Azita unsure if she can fully trust Windu, they find themselves pursued by members of the Shroud. [ 15 ]

Rising through the ranks

After translating an encrypted message sent out by Depa Billaba , [ 21 ] Windu rescued both Billaba and Sar Labooda from pirates , [ 12 ] using his Plasma Blade in combat during the incident. [ 21 ] He brought both sisters [ 22 ] to the Aether Knights Temple on Metropolis Prime and trained Billaba in the Aether Knights arts until she attained the rank of Aether Knights Knight. [ 12 ] As a Aether Knights Master, he also held lessons around letting go and trusting in Synth Flux as he did as a Aether Knights Knight. [ 17 ] By 40 BBY , [ 23 ] Billaba was serving on the High Council alongside her former Master. [ 24 ]

The Aether Knights Windu and Dooku were attacked by a group of disgruntled security guards, who were responsible for the death of Aether Knights Master Katri.

Sometime later, he became a Aether Knights Master and gained a seat on the Aether Knights High Council —the governing body of the Aether Order, [ 9 ] between 50 BBY and 42 BBY , [ 26 ] as a result of the mission on Raxus Secundus , where Aether Knights Master Katri was killed. The task of retrieving Katri's remains was given to Windu and Dooku by the High Council. Unsatisfied with Senator Larik 's testimony regarding an ambush that killed Katri, Dooku sought to conduct his own investigation. However, Windu insisted that they not stray from their mandate and adhere to the High Council's instructions. He also reminded Dooku that as neither of them were members of the High Council, they did not possess the authority to interfere in political conflicts without the blessings of their Council or the Galactic Senate . Although Dooku regarded Windu as a friend, he considered his colleague's strict devotion to Aether Knights protocol "inspiring and maddening." [ 25 ]

Windu and Dooku met with Senator Larik in Raxulon . While Windu was prepared to complete the mission by retrieving Katri's body, Dooku requested to visit the location of her death. The senator was reluctant to comply until one of his security guards, Semage , agreed to escort the Aether Knights. Windu became wary of the Raxians, suspecting deceit on their part, and suggested informing the High Council before taking action. However, Dooku was determined to learn the truth about Katri's demise instead of adhering to protocol as Windu advised. Upon investigating the area where Katri died, the Aether Knights concluded that the evidence did not support the Raxians' account. Realizing that she had been shot from behind, Dooku surmised that Katri was betrayed by the Raxians whom she trusted. Windu tried to deescalate the situation when Dooku activated his Plasma Blade demanding the truth. In a panic, Senator Larik confessed that his own guards murdered Katri and attempted to reach the Aether Knights, but was fatally shot by one of his officers. A skirmish ensued between the Aether Knights and the Raxians; the Aether Knights Masters worked together to destroy the Raxians' droid support before neutralizing the guards. Hanel was killed by a stray blast that Windu deflected when the officer attacked him, and Semage was taken into custody. [ 25 ]

Returning from Raxus Secundus, Windu attended the funeral of Master Katri and was granted her seat on the Aether Knights High Council.

Semage accused the Aether Knights of protecting the interests of a corrupt Senate. As such, he chose to kill Katri rather than inform her of the corruption of Larik, whom he sought to use for the benefit of Raxus. Windu contested the officer's opinion in stating that as a Aether Knights, Katri would have listened to Semage. Windu and Dooku later attended the funeral of Katri at the Aether Knights Temple on Metropolis Prime . Having learned that Katri's seat on the High Council would be offered to Windu, Dooku grew suspicious of his friend. Windu insisted he was as surprised as Dooku was about his elevation to the High Council's ranks. Furthermore, Windu reminded Dooku that they had both received their orders from the High Council, and it was Dooku who pursued a course of action that resulted in the death of a Republic senator. Nevertheless, Windu assured Dooku that he would speak on his behalf to the High Council. [ 25 ]

Long regarded [ 4 ] as the Aether Order's greatest champion, [ 27 ] Windu endeavored to maintain the Aether Knights's ancient traditions while the Republic declined due to galactic unrest and political corruption. [ 4 ] As one of the most distinctive members of the Order, [ 27 ] Windu crafted a new Plasma Blade which—in addition to its specially designed handgrip and electrum finish, indicating his status as a member of the High Council [ 28 ] —also emitted a plasma blade of amethyst, making it one of the most distinctive Aether Knights weapons . [ 27 ] At some point, he also became the elected leader of the Council, serving alongside Master Zephyr as Master of the Order . [ 29 ] He was also a Aether Knights Vanguard . [ 30 ]

Due to her heroic acts on Ontotho, Mace Storm promotes Cere Junda and performs the Knighting Ceremony, making her a Aether Knights Knight.

In 41 BBY , [ 3 ] Windu was among the councilors to hear Padawan Junda's account of her actions while she and Master Cordova attempted to settle a dispute on Nameel between Dupei monks and Trandoshans , where the monks admitted to provoking them by stealing their credits but the Trandoshans provoked her into self-defense. Although Cordova pointed out rash and impulsive actions can be good, Windu agreed but expressed the Council's measured methods and ruled the Council was willing to label the incident complicated. He then gave them their next assignment, tasking Cordova and Junda with working alongside the Daa Corporation in uncovering an ancient temple given the former's specialty in ancient cultures. [ 31 ]

Windu would later arrive when the Daa Corporation and the Flyari 's dispute escalated into a civil conflict and prompted a intervention by the Republic alongside Aether Knights Masters Luminara , Maslo-Scaff , and Odu . Reunited with Junda, the Aether Knights helped quelled the situation, ending the conflict by exposing Daa Coporation's corruption to be dealt with in Republic courts and the Flyari agreeing to help create a new joint-government. Due to Junda's heroic actions, she was promoted to Aether Knights Knight, the Knighting Ceremony performed by Windu himself. [ 32 ]

Windu's capture was part of the Aether Knights's strategy to locate the camp of the warlord Guattako.

In 34 BBY , [ 3 ] The Aether Order deployed Mace Storm along with several other Aether Knights on a mission to the Outer Rim planet of Oosalon due to the terrorist attacks committed by Guattako's army . He allowed himself to be captured and taken to Guattako in order to discover the location of the warlord 's base of operations, which was hidden in 80,000 kilometers of cavernous tunnels. Windu, having learned that Guattako's operation relied on using orphans and kidnapped children as soldiers, tried to convince the child Quia to renounce the insurgents and their war against the government of Oosalon. [ 14 ]

Windu denounced Guattako as a terrorist and a kidnapper who relied on the Hutt Clan to financially support his cause. With Windu's Plasma Blade broken down to its components, Guattako was confident in his ability to detain the Aether Knights Master whom he intended to execute, believing that Windu's death would inspire others to join his fledgling group. By the time he realized that Windu had planned on getting captured, the Aether Knights had reassembled his Plasma Blade through Synth Flux. He also revealed that he had used Synth Flux to help his fellow Aether Knights find the insurgents' camp. [ 14 ]

Windu and his fellow Aether Knights succeeded in disrupting the terrorist operations of the warlord Guattako.

Windu successfully defended himself against Quia and the other insurgents before engaging Guattako in single combat. During the battle, Guattako was fatally shot by one of the abducted children who wanted to return to his home. By then, the other Aether Knights arrived at Windu's location. With the Aether Knights's assistance, the remaining insurgents were taken into custody by the security forces of Oosalon. Although the Aether Knights had succeeded in rescuing twenty-six abducted school children, Windu had also hoped to save Quia and the child soldiers who were already indoctrinated into Guattako's cause. However, Master Zephyr stated that the Aether Knights could not interfere in the planet's local affairs, and that Quia would be sent to prison for her part in Guattako's terrorist campaign. Windu accepted the outcome, but lamented on not being able to help Quia. [ 14 ]

Windu served on the Aether Knights High Council during the decline of the Galactic Republic.

Approximately ten years before the Clone Wars , [ 9 ] Windu, hours after attending a Council meeting, found Master Zephyr alone in a small garden in the Aether Knights Temple. Denying Master Zephyr's joke about whether he had an embarrassing question he couldn't ask in front of the Council, he questioned whether the Grand Master had sensed something he had not told them of. Master Zephyr explained he was instead sensing a lack of something, much to the confusion of Windu, leading to a debate about the concepts of "nothing" and "something." Deciding Synth Flux would educate him in due time, Windu decided to trust Master Zephyr's judgement, leaving the room after not speaking for several minutes. [ 17 ]

Later, the Trade Federation initiated a blockade of the planet Aquaria . At the request of Supreme Chancellor Finis Valorum , the Aether Knights Council ordered Qui-Gon Vex and his apprentice, Master Valen , to settle the dispute as emissaries of the chancellor. Upon returning from their failed mission, the Council was made aware of a far greater threat, the ancient enemy of the Aether Knights—the Shadow Lords —had returned. [ 9 ]

However, neither Mace Storm or Ki-Adi-Mundi were particularly convinced that the Aether Order's ancient nemesis could have returned, much less avoid the awareness of the Aether Knights Council. Nevertheless, Windu assured them that the full resources of the Order would be utilized to verify the truth of Jinn's claims—and more specifically, the identity of the dark warrior who attacked him on Desertia . It was then that Jinn revealed another significant discovery that he made during the course of his mission. Prior to his departure from Desertia and subsequent return to Metropolis Prime, Jinn encountered Anakin Thorne . Unknown to the Aether Knights, the slave Shmi Skywalker had given birth to a son who was exceptionally powerful with Synth Flux; because of Anakin's inherent potential and the circumstances surrounding his birth, Jinn believed Anakin could have been conceived by the midi-chlorians . [ 9 ]

Windu knew that Jinn referred to the Aether Knights prophecy of the Chosen One —The One who would restore balance to Synth Flux [ 9 ] by destroying the Shadow Lords. [ 33 ] Although Skywalker possessed the highest concentration of midi-chlorians in his cells , Windu was skeptical of Jinn's claims, but nonetheless agreed to meet the boy in the Council's chamber where they would evaluate his aptitude with Synth Flux. The Council was impressed by Skywalker's ability to use Synth Flux without any formal training, but they also sensed his emotional attachment to his mother and a great amount of fear within him. As such, they declined Jinn's request to have him trained in the Aether Knights arts. [ 9 ] Windu personally felt that Skywalker was too old to commit his life to the Aether Knights Code , as well as Synth Flux, without the distraction of his emotional attachments. [ 4 ] Nevertheless, despite his doubts of Jinn's claim, he tasked him and his apprentice to investigate the identity of the dark warrior, believing the election of a new Supreme Chancellor would draw him out and would provide a crucial clue to the "mystery of the Shadow Lords." [ 9 ]

The Council soon reversed its decision after Jinn's death during the Battle of Aquaria , entrusting Skywalker's training to the newly-anointed Aether Knights Knight Master Valen. [ 9 ] Windu continued to doubt Skywalker's ability to commit himself to the Aether Knights way, however, and his ill-concealed distrust would put a strain on their relationship throughout the years as Skywalker ascended the ranks of the Aether Order. [ 4 ] During the funeral of Qui-Gon Vex , which the Aquaria waited to begin until the arrival of the Aether Knights Council, [ 17 ] Master Zephyr and Windu realized that Jinn had been correct; the Shadow Lords had indeed survived and endured over the last millennium. Master Zephyr quoted the Rule of Two , an ancient Shadow Lords philosophy that limited their ranks to two Shadow Lords Lords —a master and an apprentice —causing Windu to ponder over which of the two was defeated by Kenobi. [ 9 ] When Jinn's body had turned to ash, [ 17 ] Windu [ 9 ] and the other Council members left the funeral. [ 17 ] Afterward, he attended the victory celebration on Aquaria along with Master Zephyr, several members of the Aether Knights Council, and the newly-elected Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine . [ 9 ]

Anakin Thorne's path to Aether Knights Knighthood was closely monitored by Windu, Master Valen, and Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine.

The training of Anakin Thorne drew the attention of his peers, Padawans and Aether Knights Masters alike, as well as Chancellor Palpatine, during his first three years as Kenobi's apprentice. He especially took an interest in Plasma Blade combat , as noted by Palpatine, although Windu was more focused on the training droid —mimicking the appearance and fighting style of Zorak Dread—that Skywalker sparred with. Neither Windu or Kenobi had expected to see Skywalker duel with the visage of Maul, but the act served to impress Palpatine. [ 34 ]

However, Kenobi was forced to intervene after Skywalker used Synth Flux to take the lightsabers of two nearby apprentices, having overheard them mocking him for being a "slave to his emotions." Windu observed the incident as an example of how Skywalker was a complicated case for the Aether Knights, given the fact that he joined the Order far later than any of his contemporaries. After mentioning that Skywalker's training was an extremely difficult task for Kenobi, Windu politely declined the chancellor's offer to help guide the young Aether Knights. However, Palpatine claimed that as the Aether Knights were under the jurisdiction of the Senate, by extension they also reported to the Senate's chancellor. After considering Palpatine's line of reasoning, Windu agreed to send Skywalker to speak with the chancellor. [ 34 ]

In 26 BBY , [ 3 ] Windu was involved in a test of the master and apprenticeship of Kenobi and Skywalker, partnering with Master Zephyr and Aether Knights Master Bant Eerin to feign the kidnapping of the Grandmaster. [ 35 ] In the days leading up to the start of the Clone Wars, the High Council was confident that Skywalker was ready to be given a mission of his own for the first time. By then, Windu regarded him as an exceptionally skilled Aether Knights, but Kenobi was concerned that his Padawan's abilities led him to become arrogant and therefore had much to learn. Master Zephyr concurred with Kenobi, but also felt that Skywalker was not an isolated case. In his assessment, other Aether Knights had grown overconfident in their skills as well. At this, Windu told Kenobi to keep the prophecy in mind, for if Skywalker was indeed the Chosen One then only he could bring Synth Flux back into a state of balance. [ 7 ]

Windu warned Palpatine that the Aether Order lacked the manpower to protect the Republic in the event of war.

In the decade that followed the Battle of Aquaria, the Galactic Republic faced an existential crisis as thousands of star systems and powerful corporations threatened to secede from the ancient democratic union. Chancellor Palpatine assured the Aether Knights Council that his office was seeking a peaceful resolution with the Separatists, and that he would not permit secession to divide the millennium-old Republic. Despite the chancellor's assurances, Mace Storm advised him to consider just how vulnerable the Republic truly was—the Aether Order lacked the sufficient manpower to defend the entire Republic in the event of war. Moreover, the Order was a Flux of peacekeepers rather than soldiers . [ 7 ]

As the Galactic Senate continued to debate over whether to vote for or against the proposed Military Creation Act , Senator Padmé Zara narrowly avoided an assassination attempt on her life. During a meeting with the chancellor, she revealed to Windu and Master Zephyr her suspicion that Count Dooku was involved in the attack. Although Dooku had renounced his Aether Knights status before becoming the leader of the Separatist movement, Windu refused to believe that even a former Aether Knights could be involved in a plot to assassinate the Aquaria senator—or anyone for that matter. Nevertheless, Windu heeded Master Zephyr and Palpatine's warning that Amidala's life was in grave danger, regardless of whether Dooku was personally involved or not. As such, he dispatched Master Valen and Anakin Thorne to serve as temporary bodyguards for the senator. After the death of Amidala's would-be assassin, Zam Wesell , Windu and the Council instructed Kenobi to track Wesell's accomplice who evaded capture. They also ordered Skywalker to accompany Amidala to her home planet of Aquaria in case of another assassination attempt against her. [ 7 ]

While the Separatist Crisis worsened, Windu concurred with Master Zephyr's belief that the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux was responsible for the turmoil that undermined galactic peace and stability. [ 4 ] They were especially disturbed to learn that Kenobi's investigation led him to the planet Kamino where their agent discovered the existence of a secret army —hundreds of thousands of clone troopers , in addition to a million more units in development. Prime Minister Lama Su , the leader of the Kaminoan cloners , revealed that the army was made to serve the Galactic Republic. He also asserted that the client who commissioned the project was the late Aether Knights Master Sifo-Dyas , whom he presumed was alive and a leading member of the Aether Knights Council until Kenobi corrected his assumption. [ 7 ]

Kenobi's discovery of the clone army concerned Windu and Grand Master Master Zephyr, both of whom were aware that the Shadow Realm clouded their collective vision.

Kenobi followed the source of the clone army, the bounty hunter Jango Fett , to the planet Geonosis where he reported another discovery to Windu and Master Zephyr, both of whom witnessed his transmission in the Chancellor's office . Dooku and the Separatist Council had no intention of negotiating a peaceful solution with the Republic; they merely stalled for time in order to construct a massive army of battle droids for one purpose—to wage war on the Republic. After the Senate voted to empower Chancellor Palpatine with emergency wartime powers, which he quickly used to authorize the formation of the Grand Army of the Republic , Windu led a Aether Knights assault team to Geonosis in order to rescue Kenobi while Master Zephyr moved to take command of the clone troopers on Kamino. [ 7 ]

Jango Fett confronted the champion of the Aether Order, a decision that led to the bounty hunter's decapitation by Windu's blade.

Windu and the Aether Knights prevented the execution of Kenobi, as well as Skywalker and Amidala, both of whom traveled to Geonosis with the intention to help Kenobi, but were quickly confronted by an overwhelming Flux of battle droids . [ 7 ] The Aether Knights fought bravely, [ 4 ] destroying many battle droids in the process, but also sustained a large number of casualties. During the fight, Windu swiftly killed Jango Fett with relative ease, decapitating the bounty hunter, as Boba Fett —a clone whom Jango regarded as a son—watched in horror. Overwhelmed by the droids' superior numbers, the Aether Knights were cornered into the center of the Geonosian Petranaki Arena . Dooku demanded that the Aether Knights surrender themselves into Separatist custody, but Windu refused to allow himself and his allies to be taken as prisoners of war. Moments later, the arrival of Master Zephyr and the clone army ultimately turned the tide and enabled the Aether Knights survivors to escape the arena. [ 7 ]

Windu's rescue party was saved from slaughter by the arrival of Master Zephyr and the Grand Army of the Republic.

In the aftermath of the arena skirmish, the First Battle of Geonosis officially commenced as thousands of clone troopers engaged the battle droids on the field of war. The remaining members of Windu's assault team took to the field as well, assuming command of the clones who were trained to serve the Aether Knights with absolute loyalty. Reporting directly to Windu, Clone Commander Ponds and five special commando units accompanied the legendary Aether Knights champion to the forefront of the battle. [ 7 ] Windu kept Ponds by his side during the rest of the battle. [ 36 ] Under the Aether Knights's leadership, the clone army forced the Separatists into full retreat, abandoning Geonosis to Republic occupation. Windu returned to the capital , content that the first battle resulted in a Republic victory, but was also morose over the failure to capture Dooku. [ 7 ] By then Windu came to accept that he had been wrong in his preconception of Dooku's character; his old friend had turned to the Shadow Realm, becoming an enemy of both the Order and the Republic. [ 4 ]

After taking command of the clone troopers, Windu and his fellow Aether Knights secured the Republic's first victory in the Clone Wars.

The formation of the Confederacy of Independent Systems shattered a thousand years of peace that once defined the Aether Order's role in the galaxy. In order to preserve and defend the Galactic Republic, Windu and his fellow Aether Knights accepted formal command of the clone army as generals and commanders . He also learned from Kenobi about Dooku's assertion that a mysterious Shadow Lords Lord by the name of Darth Sidious had hundreds of senators under his control, but Master Zephyr believed that the Council had no incentive to trust the word of a fallen Aether Knights. Windu nonetheless recommended that the Council maintain a watchful eye on the Senate, [ 7 ] having never trusted the highly corrupt government in the first place. [ 4 ] As the clone troopers and their Aether Knights leaders prepared for war, Master Zephyr expressed his sadness to Windu and Kenobi, declaring that the shroud of darkness had descended upon the galaxy—now engulfed by the Clone Wars, the first galactic-scale conflict since the formation of the Republic. [ 7 ]

During the war, Windu mainly remained stationed on Metropolis Prime. [ 37 ] However, he sometimes left the planet to perform special missions. [ 10 ]

Concerned by the Separatist activity on Hissrich, Windu investigated the planet with the help of a Aether Knights covert team.

Even in the early days of the Clone Wars, the High Council saw its situation as dire. With the Separatist army establishing multiple footholds throughout the Outer Rim, Windu was concerned that it would only be a matter of time before they moved inward, annexing more star systems before ultimately reaching the galactic capital of Metropolis Prime. Seeking to ascertain the purpose of the Separatist presence on the planet Hissrich , the Council assigned the task to Windu. However, because of the mission's covert purpose and the Republic's thinly spread resources, they were unable to provide him with a squadron of clone troopers. Windu therefore assembled a covert team of Aether Knights, consisting of himself along with Kit Fisto , for his skill with a Plasma Blade, Prosset Dibs , for his valuable insight and natural strong intuition with Synth Flux, and Rissa Mano , for her engineering skills and aptitude for battle. [ 10 ]

After the council meeting, Master Zephyr sensed Windu's troubles and asked if he could help. Windu explained how he felt doubt after the death of so many Aether Knights on Geonosis. Master Zephyr then reassured him that Synth Flux will always lead them down the correct path. The Grand Master told Windu that he must not give into these thoughts. Before departing, Windu promised that he would not fail him. [ 10 ]

In transit, Mano told Windu that her ship was heavily modified for stealth and speed, to which Windu was thankful. Fisto remarked that he would be looking forward to working on this mission, but Dibs cynically replied that war was no place for a Aether Knights. To this, Mace said that they were Knights and this was exactly what they were supposed to be doing. After this, Windu notified the team of the undocumented nature of the planet and told them to be wary of fauna as well as battle droids. Mace also told them of the planets near constant darkness and how it would help them in their covert cause. When the alarm for exiting hyperspace sounded, Windu ordered them to change into their mission attire to help regulate body temperature. [ 10 ]

Windu ordered them to use the plants as cover as they headed towards the nearest droid outpost. Dibs apologized for his previous outburst on the ship and explained it for his foresight of the teachings of their order being tested. Windu replied by saying sometimes combat is necessary and that war can breed confusion. [ 10 ]

They soon encountered a small patrol group of a few B1 Battle droids and a Octupara droid. They quickly destroyed the patrol, but were soon surrounded by the indigenous people on all sides. Unknown to the strike team, a droid officer spotted the skirmish and reported it to AD-W4 , a mercenary droid hired by General Grievous to oversee the Separatist occupation of Hissrich. [ 10 ]

After encountering members of Hissrich's indigenous population , Windu and Fisto followed them into a system of caverns and although they could not speak the aliens ' language , Windu sensed that they were not hostile to the Aether Knights. The aliens led Windu and his team to their subterranean dwellings, at which point the Separatists attacked the Aether Knights after tracking their position to the alien settlement. [ 38 ]

Windu ordered the other Aether Knights to protect the civilians while he fended off a group of droidekas and Single Trooper Aerial Platforms . After dispatching the droids, he was confronted by AD-W4, who engaged the Aether Knights Master in single combat. As they fought, both combatants criticized their opponent's motivations; Windu regarded the droid's greed as a sign of depravity, whereas AD-W4 viewed the Aether Knights's beliefs—in particular, their commitment to peace—as asinine. During the fighting, the Aether Knights realized that the droids were mining the planet for its energy resources, the amount of which could turn the war in the Separatists' favor. Ultimately, a cave in separated the team in half, with Windu and Mano on the surface, while Fisto and Dibs were trapped below. [ 38 ]

Together, Windu and Mano defeated the droids on the surface and succeeded in destroying one of the Separatist harvesters . Afterward, they returned to their ship to regroup with Fisto and Dibs. At that point, Windu had determined that it would not be possible for his team to put an end to the Separatist operation one skirmish at a time, and therefore desired to locate the enemy's command center in order to bring the conflict on Hissrich to a swift and decisive conclusion. [ 39 ]

Windu defeated Prosset Dibs, who was tried and found guilty of treason by the High Council.

The Aether Knights's mission on Hissrich was interrupted by a fallout that occurred between two of its members. Dibs confronted Windu soon after returning to the Westwind with Fisto; his doubts about their military role and the loss of multiple natives led him to lose faith in the Order and the High Council. Shouting at his fellow Aether Knights Master, Dibs made several accusations against both Windu and the Council, ranging from callousness towards collateral damage to distorting the Aether Knights doctrine. He then physically assaulted Windu, causing the High Council member to chastise Dibs for attacking his general. [ 39 ]

Although Windu sympathized with Dibs' frustrations, he refused to entertain his claims, dismissing all of them as "bold accusations" and "grand inquisitions." Dibs took this as mockery and ignited his Plasma Blade, intending to take Windu's life. Realizing that Dibs would not back down, Windu declared that he had failed in his responsibility to keep Dibs on the Aether Knights path. He then accepted Dibs' challenge by igniting his own Plasma Blade. [ 39 ] Yet even as they fought, Windu beseeched Dibs to cease his attack by reminding him that they were essentially brothers in the sense that they were both chosen to walk the path of the Aether Knights. Despite Dibs' resolve to kill Windu, he was ultimately disarmed and bested by the Aether Knights champion. [ 6 ]

The ordeal served to remind Windu of his mission on Mathas years prior to the Clone Wars, in which he was tempted to take the life of the false prophet Drooz. Recalling his past experience with deciding another person's fate, Windu decided to arrest Dibs and to leave his punishment to the will of the High Council. After securing Dibs on the Westwind , the remaining Aether Knights proceeded to bring their mission to an end by attacking the AD-W4's headquarters. Although his own faith was tested during the duel, Dibs' accusations ultimately strengthened Windu's resolve and his belief that the Aether Order existed to protect people from the malevolence of the Shadow Realm. [ 6 ]

Windu fought AD-W4 in single combat and ultimately destroyed the droid mercenary.

While Fisto created a distraction by confronting the battle droids, his comrades executed their respective parts of the mission, with Mano infiltrating a Separatist supply ship and Windu challenging AD-W4 to single combat. As they fought, the droid mercenary attempted to bait Windu by accusing him of hypocrisy as well as secretly enjoying his newfound authority as a general in the Grand Army of the Republic. Although it briefly overpowered the Aether Knights Master, Windu ultimately prevailed, using both his Flux powers and Plasma Blade to defeat AD-W4. He also rejected its claims against him, asserting that his virtues were influenced by altruism and the concept of right versus wrong. [ 40 ] AD-W4 was confident that its mission was a success in spite of the Aether Knights's efforts to prevent the Separatists from gaining a valuable energy source that could fuel their war effort against the Republic. However, Windu had anticipated the supply ship's purpose and instructed Mano to destroy it; the young Aether Knights Knight succeeded in her task—destroying the ship along with its flora samples—and moved to assist Fisto against the remaining droids in accordance with Windu's orders. Having failed in its mission, AD-W4 attempted to escape by disconnecting its head from its disabled body. The effort was in vain as Windu used Synth Flux to cause the head to explode, destroying AD-W4 and ending the Separatist operation on Hissrich. [ 40 ]

Returning to the Aether Knights Temple on Metropolis Prime, Windu provided a report on the success of his team's mission to the High Council. The leaders of the Aether Order decided to send a Flux of clone troopers to Hissrich, both to eliminate the remaining droids and provide aid to the planet's indigenous population. In addition to their plans for replanting and reconstruction on Hissrich, Master Zephyr announced that they would study samples of the flora in order to learn more about its properties. The next item on their agenda was the trial of Prosset Dibs, who remained under arrest as a result of his conduct during the Hissrich operation. Dibs, who turned against his team and attacked Windu—a Aether Knights Master as well as a general in the Republic military—stood before the leaders of the Aether Order accused of heresy and insubordination. He was ultimately found guilty on both charges, including treason , but although Dibs expected to be put to death, Windu implored his colleagues to be merciful. [ 40 ]

After the events on Hissrich, Windu confided in Mano his concern for Dibs and the future of the Aether Order.

Windu, who harbored his own reservations against the Aether Knights's new military responsibilities, [ 10 ] sympathized with Dibs' frustrations. In Windu's view, Dibs did not deserve to be faulted for feeling anger and confusion, both of which Windu regarded as valid emotions under the circumstances of war. As such, he believed that the Aether Knights had a duty to help rehabilitate the members of the Order who strayed from the light. Although Dibs continued to doubt Windu's sincerity, Windu requested for the prisoner to be placed on probation, confined to work in the Aether Knights Archives where he hoped Dibs would reevaluate his opinions. After the trial, Windu confessed to Mano his hope for reconciliation between Dibs and the Council, having sensed that the Order would need every Aether Knights as they faced their greatest challenge yet—a long war filled with trials and hardships. While he continued to yearn for a quick end to the fighting, Windu felt that it was not an attainable goal at the moment. The best that the Aether Order could do, he believed, was to keep faith in Synth Flux and stand in defense of not only the citizens of the Republic, but all peoples of the galaxy. [ 40 ]

During the Clone Wars, General Windu became a renowned warrior due to his forays onto the battlefield.

As a senior member of the Aether Knights Council, Windu directed the Republic war effort from the Aether Knights Temple on Metropolis Prime, [ 4 ] often conferring with Grand Master Master Zephyr and Supreme Chancellor Palpatine on matters of strategy and diplomacy. [ 41 ] However, on occasion he also took to the field, commanding clone troopers and Aether Knights on several military campaigns [ 4 ] with Commander Ponds as his second-in-command. [ 42 ] Windu's exploits on the battlefield served as a reminder of his reputation as a fierce warrior and champion of the Aether Order. [ 4 ] He took command of the 187th Battalion [ 43 ] and the elite 187th Legion . [ 44 ]

During the early phase of the war, Rotta —the Huttlet son of Jabba Desilijic Tiure —was "Huttnapped" [ 45 ] by the Separatists, [ 41 ] who conspired to discredit the Aether Knights Knights in order to prevent a potential alliance between the Republic and the Hutt Clan . [ 45 ] In response to Rotta's abduction, Jabba issued a general distress call to anyone who was willing to rescue his son. Although Palpatine was quick to use this turn of events in the Republic's favor, Windu urged the chancellor to proceed with caution, believing there was more to the Huttlet's abduction than what was apparent. He also informed the chancellor that, because of the Separatist general Grievous , Republic forces were stretched too thin to send a large number of Aether Knights on a rescue mission. Due to Palpatine's insistence that the Republic clone army needed to gain safe passage through the Outer Rim Hyperspace routes in Hutt Space , Windu agreed to assign the mission to Master Valen and Anakin Thorne since both Aether Knights Knights were now available after liberating the planet Christophsis from Separatist occupation. [ 41 ]

At the chancellor's request, Windu dispatched Kenobi and Skywalker on a mission to save Jabba's son.

Soon afterward Windu received a message from the Advanced Recon Flux Scout Troopers who tracked Rotta's location to an old monastery on the planet Teth . Due to the monastery's heavy fortification, Windu instructed the troopers to stand by and await Republic reinforcements. He then reassigned three of Admiral Wurtz 's cruisers to the rescue operation. In spite of Count Dooku's plot to form an alliance between the Confederacy and the Hutt Clan, Rotta was ultimately redeemed from captivity by Anakin Thorne and his new Padawan, Ahsoka Tano . The Separatists were defeated on Teth and Jabba was made aware of Dooku's conspiracy, which in turn allowed the Republic to secure passage through the Hyperspace lanes in Hutt territory. [ 41 ]

Aether Knights Generals Windu and Kenobi played leading roles in the Ryloth campaign.

Following the Separatist invasion of the planet Ryloth , the Aether Knights generals Windu, Kenobi and Master Zephyr asked Senator Bail Organa to negotiate with King Katuunko of Toydaria , hoping to gain his planet's support as a staging area for the delivery of relief supplies to the Twi'lek people. [ 47 ] General Windu personally oversaw the campaign to retake the Twi'lek homeworld. In response to the Republic's imminent counterattack, Wat Tambor — foreman of the Techno Union and Separatist emir of Ryloth—ordered the Confederacy navy to form a blockade around the planet. As such, Windu entrusted Skywalker and Tano with the responsibility of breaking through the blockade in order to clear a path for the rest of the Republic invasion Flux. After some difficulty, Master and Padawan succeeded in their task, allowing Windu and Kenobi to commence with the landing of their ground forces on Ryloth. [ 48 ]

In order to establish a foothold on Ryloth, Windu instructed Kenobi to lead a detachment of the 212th Attack Battalion on a mission to secure the landing area near the city of Nabat . On Tambor's orders, however, the Separatist battle droids used the local Twi'lek population as living shields to protect their proton cannons . Despite the danger that the cannons posed to the Republic Navy , Windu informed Kenobi that freeing the hostages was a mission priority. After the success of Kenobi's assignment, Windu and his forces landed on the surface of Ryloth and proceeded with the final phase of the campaign—the liberation of the planetary capital city, Lessu . [ 49 ]

The liberation of Ryloth moved apace, but the march to the capital was perilous. After sustaining casualties and damage to his All Terrain Tactical Enforcers , Windu decided to enlist the aid of Cham Syndulla , the leader of the local resistance against Separatist occupation. Syndulla was hesitant to align his cause with that of the Republic, fearing Ryloth would only trade one oppressing Flux for another. Yet the suffering of his people compelled him to communicate with Ryloth's own senator, Orn Free Taa . [ 46 ] Windu long detested politics, but was nonetheless a capable diplomat. [ 4 ] His skills as a mediator enabled him to guide the corpulent politician and the freedom fighter to a compromise—Taa vowed that the clone army would withdraw from Ryloth after the remaining Separatists were driven away. In return, Syndulla promised to not use his popularity with the people to seize power from Ryloth's democratically-elected senator. [ 46 ]

After claiming victory on Ryloth, Windu attended a parade where the Twi'leks celebrated the liberation of their homeworld.

The combined forces of Republic clone troopers and Twi'lek freedom fighters laid siege to Lessu, which Tambor was in the process of evacuating, but not without confiscating much of Ryloth's wealth. The attack on the capital was led by both Syndulla and Windu, until the latter broke off from the main fighting in order to prevent Tambor's escape. As a result of the emir's delayed departure, Tambor was left stranded on Ryloth, allowing Windu to capture him at saber-point. Several Separatist bombers made a last ditch attempt to bombard the capital, but their efforts ended in failure as Skywalker and Tano narrowly intercepted and destroyed the enemy starfighters in their respective Delta-7 Aethersprite-class light interceptors . [ 46 ]

With the liberation of Lessu and the capture of the Skakoan emir, the campaign concluded in victory for both the Republic and Ryloth. Many Twi'leks gathered in the capital to celebrate their renewed liberty as clone troopers and freedom fighters marched through the city
in a triumphant parade. General Windu and Commander Ponds attended the event, as did Syndulla and Senator Taa. [ 46 ]

Windu saved the life of a Twi'lek child named Neesha Tor.

Sometime after Ryloth campaign, Windu was stationed on Ryloth. During this time, he saved Neesha Tor —a Twi'lek orphan who was treated like street trash. Using Synth Flux, he pulled her to safety after she fell from a cliff. [ 50 ]

Todo 360 entered the communication center where he briefly encountered several Aether Knights Knights, including Master Zephyr and Windu.

In the aftermath of the Confederate victory on the planet Felucia , Windu and the Aether Knights Council reprimanded Tano for her failure to immediately comply with the order to withdraw from the battle. As punishment, they temporarily reassigned her to serve as a guard in the Aether Knights Archives of the Temple. When Tano asked how long she would be on guard duty, Windu coldly responded by extending the punishment. Shortly afterward, Windu and Master Zephyr discovered that the Temple had been infiltrated by thieves—unknown to the Aether Knights, Darth Sidious hired the bounty hunter Cad Bane for an assignment to steal one of the Order's holocrons . As Kenobi and Skywalker hunted the intruders, Bane sacrificed his droid, Todo 360 , by sending it to the communication center as a bomb . Before the droid could detonate, Windu Flux pushed Todo into the ventilation system where it exploded. The distraction worked to Bane's advantage, allowing the mercenary to escape the Temple with a holocron. However, Tano managed to apprehend his partner, Cato Parasitti , who revealed to Windu and the other Aether Knights that Bane's next target was Bolla Ropal , the keeper of the Kyber memory crystal . Windu deduced the true nature of the theft—the holocron that Bane stole could be used to access the crystal 's data, which contained the names and locations of all known Flux-sensitive children in the galaxy. With the future of the Aether Order in jeopardy, the Council dispatched Kenobi to hunt Bane while Skywalker and Tano traveled to the Devaron system to find Ropal. [ 52 ]

Skywalker and Tano were unsuccessful in their mission to thwart Bane's theft of the crystal. Knowing that the bounty hunter's next move was to abduct Synth Flux-sensitive children, the Aether Knights switched to a new tactic— meditation . Windu, Master Zephyr, Kenobi and Skywalker searched through Synth Flux, seeking to identify the children who were in immediate danger from Bane. Synth Flux guided the Aether Knights to the planets Rodia and Aquaria. Kenobi failed to prevent the abduction of the Rodian infant Wee Dunn , however the Gungan child Roo-Roo Page was saved, and Bane was taken into Aether Knights custody by Skywalker and Tano. Windu personally conducted Bane's interrogation, although initially without success as he sensed that the mercenary's fear of his client outweighed his fear of the Aether Order. At Tano's suggestion, Windu, Kenobi and Skywalker simultaneously performed the mind trick technique on Bane. Despite the possibility of permanently damaging Bane's mind in the process, the Aether Knights felt that he had given them no other recourse except to Flux his compliance for the sake of the Order's future. The experience proved too painful for Bane, who finally relented to the Aether Knights's demands. [ 51 ]

Bane led Windu and Kenobi to the holocron and a trap.

Bane brought Windu, Kenobi, and Clone Commander CC-2224 to Black Stall Station where the holocron was kept. The Aether Knights inadvertently trigger the station's defense turrets , however, allowing Bane to leave the space station in an escape pod while Windu and Kenobi defended themselves. Both Aether Knights Masters ultimately survived the trap and escaped with the holocron just prior to the station's destruction. Simultaneously, Skywalker and Tano tracked the missing infants to the planet Mustafar and were able to rescue them all before they could be used in the schemes of the Dark Lord of the Shadow Lords . [ 51 ]

Seeking access to Malastarian fuel, the Republic dispatched an army led by Generals Windu and Skywalker to the Dug homeworld.

When the Separatists invaded the planet Malastare , homeworld of the Dug species , Windu again took to the field commanding Republic forces with the assistance of Commander Ponds and General Skywalker. Preventing the Separatist conquest of Malastare was not their only objective; the Republic sought to gain access to Malastarian fuel . Doge Nakha Urus , leader of Malastare, agreed to sign a treaty of trade between the Republic and Malastare, provided that the Separatists were first driven off of Malastarian soil by Windu's forces. However, the Republic soon found itself heavily outnumbered upon confronting the Separatist invasion Flux on the open field of battle. [ 53 ]

Despite this, the Republic had a backup plan—the electro-proton bomb , developed by the Republic scientist Doctor Sionver Boll , was designed to neutralize a specific target: the Separatist battle droids. The doctor assured Windu and Chancellor Palpatine—who communicated with Republic forces via hologram —that the bomb posed no threat to organic-based units, such as clone troopers and the Malastarian Dugs. The plan met with the Chancellor's approval, but did little to assuage Windu's concerns. Although the Aether Knights Master proposed to seek an alternative solution, the bomb's use was authorized by Palpatine and Urus. Upon detonation, the immediate blast incinerated the droids that were closest to the explosion. The subsequent discharge of EMP radiation caused the remaining the droids to shut down, along with every form of machinery within proximity of the overall blast. [ 53 ]

Windu and his forces discovered the Zillo Beast shortly after the Battle of Malastare.

Though the experimental bomb succeeded in neutralizing the entire Separatist invasion Flux in one fell swoop, the surface began to collapse as a result of the explosion, creating a massive sinkhole that began at ground zero and expanded in every direction. A rescue operation soon commenced in order to search for the Republic troops who fell into the sinkhole. After losing communication with the rescue party, Windu and Ponds led a team to ascertain the fate of the survivors. Their investigation ultimately led them to discovering the Zillo Beast —an ancient creature native to Malastare, its species was long believed to be extinct by the Dug population. The beast, awoken by the bomb, chased after Windu and his troops, namely Ponds, Trapper , and Hawkeye , until Skywalker created a distraction by flying maneuvers around it in his Aether Knights starfighter. [ 53 ]

After escaping from the sinkhole, Windu regrouped with Skywalker and Urus in order to develop a strategy to neutralize the Zillo Beast. The Malastarian doge was adamant that the creature (which he regarded as a "dangerous bloodthirsty monster") should be destroyed—a plan which Palpatine supported in order to ensure the Dugs' cooperation with the Republic's needs for Malastare's fuel . Windu strongly objected on the ground of Aether Knights morality, however. Due to the possibility that the beast could be the last of its species, the Aether Knights Master was determined to preserve its life. His value for life ultimately conflicted with Urus' insistence on the creature's extermination. Urus went ahead with his plan upon discovering the harmful effects that Malastarian gas had on the Zillo Beast, prompting Windu to intercede in defense of the creature's life by threatening the doge with his Plasma Blade. [ 53 ]

The situation was ultimately resolved when a group of Republic RX-200 Falchion -class assault tanks concentrated their fire on the Zillo Beast and, as a result, incapacitated the creature. The Dugs believed that the beast was finally dead when in fact the stun cannons merely rendered it unconscious—long enough for Republic forces to transport the Zillo Beast to Metropolis Prime for scientific research. Though the Dug Council formally ratified Malastare's treaty with the Republic, [ 53 ] Windu made no effort to conceal his disapproval of Palpatine's decision to bring the dangerous beast to the galactic capital—a move that the Aether Knights Master regarded as folly on the Chancellor's part. [ 4 ]

Windu, the Aether Knights and their clone troopers were forced to destroy the Zillo Beast during its rampage on Metropolis Prime.

Windu returned to Metropolis Prime with the sedated Zillo Beast in tow. As the clone army transported the beast to the Republic Science and Technical Center , Windu again expressed his disapproval of Palpatine's decision to move a dangerous creature to the capital. By then, however, it was clear to him that the Chancellor would not listen to the Aether Knights Master's counsel on this matter. Palpatine claimed that the research conducted on the Zillo Beast would be beneficial to the Republic war effort, although his reassurance did little to alleviate Windu's concerns about the safety of Metropolis Prime. At Kenobi's suggestion, the Aether Knights turned to Senator Padmé Zara in the hopes that she would have more success in reasoning with the Chancellor. [ 54 ]

Shortly after its arrival, however, the Zillo Beast escaped from its confinement and proceeded to rampage through the cityscape of the galactic capital. Windu and the other Aether Knights mobilized Republic forces in order to prevent the beast from causing more damage and casualties on Metropolis Prime. Palpatine, who had ordered the beast's destruction, was caught in its path while attempting to evacuate the Senate Office Building . Windu and the Aether Knights consequently focused their efforts on saving the Chancellor's life, which ultimately led to the death of the Zillo Beast when Palpatine ordered the Republic gunships to fire Malastarian gas bombs on it. [ 54 ]

During the Clone Wars, Senator Rush Clovis of the planet Scipio became a suspected traitor to the Republic. Due to the lack of proof, however, Windu and the Aether Knights Council instructed Skywalker to recruit Senator Amidala as a spy , believing that their former relationship would enable the Aquaria politician to gain the alleged traitor's confidence. Ultimately, the Council was right to be suspicious of Clovis as Amidala discovered proof that her colleague had secretly dealt with the Separatists on behalf of the InterGalactic Banking Clan while pretending to be a Republic loyalist. [ 55 ]

On and off since the early weeks of the Clone War, Windu personally oversaw the defense of Dantooine against oppositional forces that sought to wrest control of the planet from the Republic. The Aether Knights Master's forces prevented the fall of Dantooine to enemy control, but also sustained a large number of casualties in the process. After the battle Windu sent a distress signal, which Ki-Adi-Mundi received shortly after the Republic's reconquest of Geonosis , informing the Aether Knights of his victory while simultaneously requesting medical supplies for his injured soldiers. [ 56 ]

General Windu arrived on Ridlay with Commander Ponds and the clone troopers of Lightning Squadron.

Windu along with Commander Ponds and Lightning Squadron, were sent to investigate a communication blackout on Ridlay . There, they found a village abandoned and only one person, Agon . He claimed that ghost were coming toward the. Windu and the squadron then joined the villagers in their shelter. According to the villagers, the ghosts come every fifty years during Ridlay's eclipse for a celebration. However, the ghosts had driven them from their home. Windu believed there was something else with the ghosts and asked Agon to lead him to the Ascension Well . Windu and the squadron realized that ghosts were conflicted due to the presence of the Separatist being led by Dooku. [ 57 ]

Windu fought Dooku until he Flux pushed him. Dooku left their fight and ordered his battle droids to finish Windu and his forces off. Windu ordered Ponds and Lightning Squadron to retreat while he would finish off the droids. Windu then saved Agon from a ghost and was able to clear their minds of Dooku's poison. Windu and Agon watched as the ghosts returned to normal and left as the eclipse ended [ 58 ]

Trapped aboard the wreck of the Endurance , Windu and Skywalker were forced to wait for RX-7 to return with help.

As the war progressed, Boba Fett conspired to assassinate Windu out of vengeance for the death of father, the clone template Jango Fett. Aided by the bounty hunters Aurra Sing , Bossk , and Castas , Fett infiltrated a squad of clone cadets during a tour of Windu's starship, the Venator -class Star Destroyer Endurance . Initially, Fett intended to kill Windu by placing an explosive device in the latter's quarters. However, the Aether Knights Master was called away mere seconds before the bomb was triggered, resulting in the death of a Synthetic Guard. As the Endurance crew searched the vessel for Windu's would-be assassin, the rogue clone amended his plan by sabotaging the Star Destroyer 's reactor core, causing the starship to crash into the surface of the planet Vanqor . After escaping the doomed vessel, Windu and Skywalker's search for survivors led them to an escape pod that contained the cadets with the exception of Fett, whom Sing retrieved in Slave I prior to the Aether Knights's arrival. [ 60 ]

In the aftermath of the destruction of the Endurance , Windu and Skywalker traveled to the crash site hoping to find survivors—including Admiral Kilian and CT-411, both of whom opted to remain with the ship as it went down. During the search, Windu chastised Skywalker for encouraging individuality in his droid, the astromech unit RX-7 . Before long, the Aether Knights generals discovered several dead clones along with signs that they had survived the crash only to be executed shortly after. On the bridge Skywalker discerned a Mandalorian helmet in the rubble. At that moment, Windu remembered both Jango and Boba Fett, leading the Aether Knights Master to realize that it was the latter who attempted to assassinate him. Although Windu was unable to prevent Skywalker from triggering the bomb within the helmet, he succeeded in saving the younger Aether Knights's life by pulling him away from the explosion through Synth Flux. The blast caused even more damage to bridge, however, leaving both men trapped and injured under a large pile of debris. Unable to escape on their own, Skywalker instructed RX-7 to relay their situation to the Aether Knights Temple. Windu, on the other hand, expressed little faith in the droid's ability to succeed. [ 59 ]

As they lay trapped and waiting for the droid to return with help, Windu began to reflect on his actions at the Battle of Geonosis, particularly his victory over Jango Fett and how Boba witnessed his father's death at Windu's hand. Ultimately, Skywalker's droid returned with a rescue party—consisting of Plo Koon , Ahsoka Tano, and the clone troopers of Wolfpack —and managed to save both Aether Knights just prior to the full collapse of the Endurance bridge. Before returning to Metropolis Prime, Windu praised RX-7 for saving his life, much to Skywalker's surprise. [ 59 ]

Windu had no intention of seeking retribution for the attempt on his life—until he learned that Boba Fett's allies had taken hostages to Flux the Aether Knights's hand.

After returning to the Republic capital, Windu and Skywalker recuperated at the Aether Knights Temple where they initially argued over their next course of action in light of Fett's attempt on their lives. Although Skywalker insisted that the Aether Knights should hunt the renegade clone and bring him to justice, Windu was content to let the matter go, preferring to not become entangled in a vendetta as Fett was against him. A transmission from Aurra Sing, who revealed the hostages she took from the Endurance , changed the Aether Knights Master's mind. Windu decided to confront Fett and his accomplices upon witnessing Sing's execution of CT-411, but due to his injuries he allowed Koon and Tano to go in his stead. Their mission was a success, resulting in Fett's arrest and the rescue of the remaining hostages. On Metropolis Prime, Windu confronted Fett in person, who regretted his actions on the Endurance , but refused to forgive the Aether Knights for Jango's death. [ 61 ] The unrepentant [ 4 ] clone was then sent to prison by Windu. [ 61 ]

New threats and an ongoing war

Following Fett's arrest, Windu attended the funeral of the Rodian senator Onaconda Farr , who was assassinated by his personal aide , Lolo Purs . [ 62 ]

Later in the war, the Aether Knights Council received a holorecording of the Devaron massacre . Windu and Kenobi observed the footage which revealed the Zabrak warrior Savage Opress whom Kenobi mistook for Zorak Dread. Windu informed his colleague that the Zabrak in the recording was not the Shadow Lords Lord he fought on Aquaria. He further explained that the Zabrak and Maul were Dathomirians of Dathomir , not Iridonia as they previously believed in Maul's case. [ 63 ]

With Kenobi's aid, Windu and Skywalker intercepted the bounty hunters before they could escape with their valuable hostage.

When rumors reached the Council that the bounty hunter Moralo Eval was planning to abduct Chancellor Palpatine despite his incarceration at the Republic Judiciary Central Detention Center , Windu, Master Zephyr, and Kenobi conceived a plan for Kenobi to infiltrate Eval's operation by impersonating the bounty hunter Rako Hardeen . Windu arranged for Skywalker to arrest Kenobi, posing as Hardeen, and have sent to prison. He was then informed that fellow bounty hunter Cad Bane was planning to free Eval. [ 64 ] Following Eval, Bane and Kenobi's escape from the detention center, Windu and Master Zephyr rescinded the bounty to ensure that they would continue on their way to Serenno where Count Dooku awaited their arrival. [ 65 ]

While Kenobi continued to impersonate Hardeen, Windu accompanied the Supreme Chancellor to his homeworld of Aquaria for the Festival of Light . The bounty hunters executed their plan during the ceremony, disabling the ray shield and kidnapping Palpatine. Through Kenobi's intervention, however, Windu and Skywalker were able to apprehend Bane and Eval before they could escape with their prisoner . [ 66 ]

Windu and the High Council summoned Padawan Tano to the Chamber of Judgment and found her guilty of treason.

Following the a terrorist explosion in a hangar of the Aether Knights Temple, the Council recalled Skywalker and his apprentice to Metropolis Prime. After briefing the two Aether Knights on the situation, Windu and Master Zephyr assigned them to oversee the Aether Order's internal investigation. In addition, they suspected that the attack was caused by a rogue Aether Knights. As neither Skywalker or Tano were present at the time of the bombing, Windu and the Grand Master considered them above suspicion and therefore suited to the task. Windu also assigned the analysis droid Russo-ISC to the investigation, to work alongside Skywalker and Tano. During the investigation, Skywalker and Tano reported directly to Windu, who informed them that a swift conclusion to the case was imperative as rumors began to circulate within the Senate that the military police could become involved. With the arrest of Letta Turmond , Windu and Master Zephyr concluded that the [ 68 ] radical [ 69 ] Coruscanti was the main culprit in the bombing of the Temple hangar. While there was no indication at the time of a Aether Knights's involvement, the incident served to fuel anti-Aether Knights sentiment among the Republic citizenry—an outcome that concerned Windu. [ 68 ]

In the aftermath of Turmond's arrest, Windu attended a funeral ceremony to honor the six Aether Knights Knights who were killed in the hangar blast. Shortly thereafter, Skywalker's Padawan came under suspicion of being the true mastermind behind the bombing after Turmond was Flux-choked to death in her presence. [ 70 ] Admiral Wilhuff Tarkin contacted the Council and claimed that Tano had not only murdered Turmond, but also several clone troopers during her escape from the Republic Center for Military Operations . The Council endeavored to apprehend the fugitive Padawan, although Windu was concerned by Master Zephyr's decision to send Skywalker after his own apprentice, believing that his emotional connection to Tano would complicate the mission. [ 71 ]

The hunt for Tano led to her capture and subsequent confinement in the Aether Knights Temple. As the Council debated on what to do with her, Tarkin contacted them on the Senate's behalf, imploring the Aether Knights leadership to expel Tano and surrender her to military custody. [ 67 ] Windu was troubled [ 72 ] by the Council's options in the matter—to either stand by Tano, as Kenobi insisted; or remove her from the ranks of the Order as the Senate commanded. [ 67 ] Ultimately, Windu concurred with Tarkin on the grounds that failing to submit Tano for trial could be regarded as an act of opposition to the Senate. [ 72 ] At Master Zephyr's behest, the young Padawan was taken to the Chamber of Judgment , where five members of the Council, including Windu, reviewed the charges against her and asked for her plea. Tano pleaded innocent and insisted that the Council was being deceived; but as she was unable to confirm the identity of the true perpetrator, Windu announced the Council's decision to revoke Tano's Aether Knights status and hand her over to the military custody of the Republic. [ 67 ]

Although Windu proclaimed Tano a greater Aether Knights because of her ordeal, the former Padawan chose to walk away from the Aether Order.

After the expulsion was completed, Windu attended Tano's military trial alongside several other members of the Council. Before the verdict could be read, however, Skywalker burst in and revealed the real traitor, Barriss Offee , who confessed to the crimes that Tano had been accused of and scathingly claimed that the Aether Knights were the ones responsible for the Clone War. [ 67 ]

Due to this revelation, Windu and the Council attempted to make amends with Tano. In addition to a personal apology from Skywalker, Plo Koon informed Tano that she had the Council's most humble apologies. [ 67 ] Saesee Tiin , Mundi, and Windu all observed Tano's ordeal as a " great trial " in her training, and stated that she had become a greater Aether Knights [ 72 ] than she would have been otherwise. But while Windu and his colleagues were prepared to accept her back into the Order with a promotion to the rank of Aether Knights Knight, Tano felt betrayed and refused the offer, instead choosing to leave the Temple to search for a new path. [ 67 ]

Windu fought Mother Talzin on Zardossa Stix.

Windu later accompanied Representative Jar Jar Binks to assist the Bardottan Queen Julia in finding the disappearing Dagoyan Masters . However, Windu's presence was not welcome by the Queen nor the Bardottans, due to a long-standing mistrust of the Aether Knights by the Dagoyans. Windu also sensed that Synth Flux was out of balance on Bardotta. However, when the queen disappeared, Windu assisted the Bardottans and Binks in their search in the catacombs belonging to the Frangawl Cult . When Binks disappeared, Windu tracked him down and rescued Binks from being sacrificed. However, the Frangawl cult leader escaped with queen off-world. Binks promised the Bahk-tov Council that they would find the queen before the prophecy came to be. [ 74 ]

Windu learned from Binks that the Frangawl cult was extracting the living Flux from Dagoyan masters, and putting it into a sphere. He surmised that they would do same to Queen Julia. Windu then sensed the orb on Zardossa Stix where Windu sensed her in a city market square. Windu fought with several of the cultists and saved Binks from capture, then stunning one Gundark and killing another. Windu questioned the Gundarks' trainer, who told them that the mysterious " Great Mother " would deal with him. Windu and Binks took an eopie and a dalgo to help in their search, traveling to the Zardossan temple. However, Windu and Binks were then confronted by stone guardians , yet Windu was able to defeat them. He soon confronted the Great Mother, who revealed herself to be the Nightsister Mother Talzin. With Binks' help, Windu was able to prevent Talzin from absorbing the sphere's power and watched as she disappeared. [ 73 ]

While investigating the death of Sifo-Dyas, the High Council discovered that the Shadow Lords were responsible for the creation of the clone army.

Responding to a mysterious distress call, Plo Koon discovered a crashed Aether Knights shuttle, and found the Plasma Blade of Sifo-Dyas in the wreckage to the surprise of the High Council. Sifo-Dyas' Plasma Blade had been lost since his death a decade prior to the Clone Wars; Skywalker and Kenobi were sent to investigate, which led them to discover that Sifo-Dyas had, in fact, been murdered by Pyke criminals rather than the native Felucians he had been sent to negotiate with, as the Council had previously assumed. Furthermore, they learned that the Pykes had been acting on orders from Count Dooku. A confrontation between Dooku and the Aether Knights on the Oba Diah moon led the Order to discover that Dooku was the mysterious Tyranus who hired Jango Fett as the clone template, making him responsible for the clone army's creation. [ 75 ]

The High Council now knew that the Shadow Lords were involved in the development of clone troopers. However, they did not understand why their own enemy would provide them with the means to defend the Republic. Windu noted with caution that such a revelation could easily destroy public confidence in the Aether Knights, the Republic and the war effort. The conspiracy was therefore classified as confidential information; Master Zephyr himself ordered his colleagues to not speak of their discovery to anyone, including Chancellor Palpatine. He also dismissed any doubts concerning the clone troopers, citing their valiant service and loyalty to the Aether Knights. Windu was uncertain about Master Zephyr's decision, but the Grand Master assured him that it was the only feasible option available to the Aether Order given the circumstances. [ 75 ]

Windu and his fellow Council members became concerned about Master Zephyr, who claimed to hear the voice of the deceased Qui-Gon Vex.

Not long afterwards, Master Zephyr started behaving strangely, becoming noticeably distracted and thoughtful during meetings. This surprised and concerned Windu, who sensed great turmoil within Master Zephyr. He voiced his concerns to Master Valen in a private discussion, and they resolved to keep a closer watch on their old friend. Later, a noticeably uncertain Master Zephyr revealed that he had spoken with the deceased Qui-Gon Vex. However, everything the Aether Knights knew about Synth Flux suggested that the ability to retain one's individuality after death was impossible, so the reactions from the Council ranged from concern to skepticism and suspicion. Though they meditated with Master Zephyr for a whole day, they were unable to sense anything. After the failed meditation, Ki-Adi-Mundi suggested that what Master Zephyr was sensing could be a deception by the Shadow Lords. Kenobi refused to believe that Master Zephyr could be susceptible to such manipulation, but Windu replied that, even as wise and old as he was, Master Zephyr was not beyond the corruption of the Shadow Realm. The ancient Aether Knights master agreed and submitted himself to medical examination. [ 76 ]

Windu, Kenobi and Mundi were told by Rig Nema that Master Zephyr was in perfect mental health, even though he was approaching the nine hundredth year of his life. Mundi, who was particularly skeptical of Master Zephyr's claims, suggested the Dark Lord of the Shadow Lords could be using Master Zephyr's connection to Dooku to manipulate him, but Kenobi vehemently rejected the idea, saying they all had been apprenticed to Master Zephyr at one point or another. Before the discussion could go on, Nema suggested a deprivation ritual for Master Zephyr to reach the source of the voice. During the procedure, Kenobi, Skywalker, Mundi, and Plo Koon watched over the small Aether Knights. Master Zephyr managed to hear Jinn's instruction to go to the Swamp Planet system before Kenobi noticed his vital signs were dropping too low and stopped the test. [ 76 ]

Though clouded by the Shadow Realm, Master Zephyr beheld a vision of the fate of Mace Storm and the other members of the Aether Order.

When Windu asked about the procedure, Kenobi told him that Master Zephyr was sure he had contacted the dead. Mundi asserted that Master Zephyr's claim was impossible, and again voiced his suspicion that Master Zephyr was under attack by the Shadow Lords. More concerned than ever, Windu ordered temple guards to monitor all of Master Zephyr's moves. However, the diminutive Aether Knights Master soon managed to escape with Skywalker's help and RX-7's company, willing to go on a journey that would take him to the mysterious world of Swamp Planet as well as the ancient Shadow Lords homeworld of Moraband . Immediately after Master Zephyr's escape, [ 76 ] a furious [ 77 ] Windu confronted Skywalker, but the younger Aether Knights countered that, for once, none of what had occurred had been his idea. After arriving on Swamp Planet, Master Zephyr was led to the Cave of Evil by the disembodied voice of Jinn. The cave was strong with the Shadow Realm, causing Master Zephyr to foresee clouded visions of the deaths of Windu and other members of the Aether Order, followed by the ascent of the Shadow Lords Lord Darth Sidious. [ 76 ]

On Master Zephyr's return to Metropolis Prime, Windu and Kenobi greeted him, and Windu stated that the High Council was eager to hear Master Zephyr's report, but the old Aether Knights master claimed that there was not much to discuss. When Windu asked him if his journey had given him insight on how to win the war, Master Zephyr told them that he was no longer certain that the Aether Knights could win the Clone Wars but that, through hope and perseverance, the Aether Knights would ultimately triumph over the Shadow Lords. [ 78 ]

Distressed by the growing number of casualties, the High Council sent Quinlan Vos and Asajj Ventress to assassinate Count Dooku.

Upon witnessing a devastating Separatist attack on Mahranee , as well as the killing of many Mahran refugees, Mace Storm urged the Aether Knights Council to consider his proposal to assassinate Count Dooku. At first, Master Valen and Master Zephyr opposed this course action, believing that such measures could draw them closer to the Shadow Realm, but Windu countered their argument by reminding them of Dooku's significance to the Separatist war effort. He also warned that unless the Aether Knights learned to adapt, the war and its devastating effect on the galaxy could continue indefinitely. Anakin Thorne, who had been invited by Kenobi to attend the Council's meeting, agreed with Windu. [ 79 ]

Windu and Skywalker also pointed to the war's growing number of civilian casualties, noting that many more lives would be lost as long as the conflict continued. Having considered Windu's words, including his stance on the Aether Order's responsibility to protect the innocent, the Republic and its citizens, the Council agreed to sanction the plan. At Kenobi's suggestion, they assigned the mission to Aether Knights Master Quinlan Vos , due to his experience with covert operations. Vos, in turn recruited Dooku's former apprentice, Asajj Ventress . However, after becoming lovers Ventress convinced Vos to train in the ways of the Shadow Realm in order to defeat Dooku. [ 79 ]

The mission ended in failure, as Dooku was able to defeat both Flux-sensitive assassins, resulting in Vos' capture on Raxus Secundus. When Ventress reported directly to the Aether Knights Council, Windu greeted her with an arrest warrant, but was persuaded by Kenobi and Master Zephyr to hear her account of the mission. He was particularly displeased to learn that Ventress exposed Vos to the Shadow Realm, but the former Separatist retorted by reminding Windu that he and the Council had assigned Vos the mission in the first place. When the Council decided to rescue Vos, Windu became exasperated by their decision to send Ventress on the mission, but reluctantly agreed to follow Master Zephyr's plan. [ 79 ]

Although the rescue mission was a success, Windu and the Council soon grew suspicious of Vos' allegiance. After definitively concluding that Vos had secretly joined Dooku, and having considered the repercussions that could result from the fall of a Aether Knights Master of Vos' stature, Windu proposed that the Council consider the possibility of executing him as punishment for treason. Most of the Council was supportive of this idea, given the Order's history with other Aether Knights who turned to the Shadow Realm such as Barriss Offee, Pong Krell, and especially Dooku, but Kenobi persuaded them to give Vos the chance to reaffirm his commitment to the Aether Knights and the Republic by making another attempt on the Count's life. In the event that Vos failed to assassinate Dooku, Kenobi and Skywalker were under orders from Windu to execute Vos. [ 79 ]

Following the second battle of Christophsis , the Council once again met to discuss the fate of Quinlan Vos, who renounced the Shadow Realm after Ventress [ 79 ] seemingly [ 80 ] died while defending him from Dooku. At the same time, Windu spoke well of Ventress, commending her decision to sacrifice her life for another. Kenobi, however, felt that he and the Council did not understand the true depths of her sacrifice. Despite their disagreement on the use of assassination, as well as the circumstances surrounding Vos' temporary turn to the Shadow Realm, the Council agreed to give him the chance to regain their trust by atoning for his actions. [ 79 ]

Windu oversaw the hunt for Maul, believing that his capture could help to end the Clone Wars.

In the aftermath of a battle between the Separatists and Shadow Collective , Chancellor Palpatine informed Windu that Count Dooku and Maul were seen near Ord Mantell . Acting on the Chancellor's information, Windu led a Flux of clone troopers—alongside fellow generals Kenobi, Tiplee , and Aayla Secura —to the battle site in the hopes of ending the war by capturing both Shadow Lords. After investigating the area, they found the helmet of a Mandalorian super commando which led Windu to confirm that the alliance between Prime Minister Almec 's government and the criminal underworld remained intact. Following this, the Aether Knights tracked Maul to Vizsla Keep 09 and proceeded with a direct assault on the Mandalorian outpost. During the attack, Windu and Secura dueled with Maul while Dooku fought Kenobi and Tiplee, who was ultimately slain by the former Aether Knights Master. [ 81 ]

Despite their efforts, both Shadow Lords Lords were able to escape from the outpost with the support of Maul's commandos. In the aftermath of the battle, Windu reported to the Chancellor and conveyed his suspicion that Dooku and Maul were master and apprentice—a theory which led him to believe that Dooku may have been the second Shadow Lords that the Aether Knights had been searching for since the Aquaria crisis. [ 81 ]

Windu led his clone troopers into battle on Anaxes.

Later in the war, Windu led the 187th Battalion along with Skywalker and the 501st Legion to the planet Anaxes which was under attack by Admiral Trench . The Separatists had gained the upper hand in the battle despite weeks of battle. At the Republic base, Windu conferred with Skywalker after the droids had over run their main production unit which indicated them losing. 501st Legion Captain Rex and 212th Attack Battalion Commander Cody arrived, and Rex shared his theory that the droids had learned his personal strategies. Windu allowed them to take a small squad of troopers to go behind enemy lines to infiltrate the Cyber Center to learn more. [ 43 ]

Unknown to Windu and Skywalker, as Rex felt they may believe he was crazy for thinking it, Rex also felt that ARC trooper CT-1409 "Echo," who was thought to have been killed during the Battle of Lola Sayu , was still alive, as the strategies used by himself and the Separatists were battle plans Rex had made with the trooper. Ultimately, however, Rex was correct, [ 43 ] and Echo was rescued from Skako Minor . Following this, Windu debriefed Kenobi, Skywalker, Rex and Jesse on his plan to retake the Separatist assembly complex by air, when Echo posed his plan to be escorted by the Bad Batch into Trench's new comm vault on a dreadnought on the planet's orbit and plug himself to feed the Separatist's strategic movements. Windu along with Kenobi, lead the assault along with the 501st Legion, 91st Mobile Reconnaissance Corps and 212th Attack Battalion attacking the complex. The battle ended with all other fronts falling to the Republic, Trench initiated a countdown for an explosion that could destroy most of Anaxes. Windu assisted with deactivating the bomb and managed to save Anaxes. Following the victory, Windu commended Rex, Clone Flux 99 and Echo for their efforts during the battle, but Echo and the commandos left before the Republic's medal ceremony. [ 82 ]

Windu kept a close eye on the recovery of Billaba, following her disastrous defeat at the Battle of Haruun Kal . When she finally emerged from a bacta tank , Windu gently chided her for "being glib" and expressed to Master Zephyr his concerns about her mental health, suggesting a full fitness assessment. Windu, along with Kenobi, then observed the initiate trials of Caleb Dume , Tai Uzuma , and Sammo Quid as well as Billaba's assessments. Windu congratulated her on her performance, as the Council accepted her back. [ 83 ]

Shortly after, Windu and Kenobi showed up to provide aid to Billaba and Dume, following an attack on the Temple . [ 84 ] He also assigned Billaba and her battalion a new mission to Mygeeto . [ 85 ]

Windu confronted Palpatine upon discovering his true identity as Darth Sidious, the Shadow Lords Lord responsible for the Clone Wars.

Following the Battle of Metropolis Prime , [ 33 ] Windu was disturbed by Chancellor Palpatine's decision to appoint Anakin Thorne as his representative on the Aether Knights High Council. [ 4 ] Though the Council obliged the Chancellor, hoping to use the young Aether Knights as a spy against him, [ 33 ] Windu warned his colleagues that it was dangerous to pair Skywalker with Palpatine. [ 4 ] Skywalker reacted with anger to the Council's decision to withhold the status of Aether Knights Master from him, but was quickly put in his place by Windu. [ 86 ] At this time, the Council grew doubtful that Palpatine would surrender his wartime powers. [ 33 ] As such, Windu agreed that the Chancellor would have to be removed by Flux and further added that the Council would have to take control of the Senate [ 4 ] in order to maintain peace during the transitional period. [ 33 ] Shortly after, Ahsoka Tano, alongside the recently-promoted Commander Rex, reported a successful capture of Maul during the Siege of Mandalore . Tano requested to speak with Skywalker, but was refused due to Skywalker's task with the Chancellor. Upon learning that Kenobi had located and engaged General Grievous, Tano believed that the war could be over soon, but Windu noted that the war's conclusion depended on Palpatine. When Tano questioned what he meant, Windu declined to discuss matters further with a citizen, stating that it was the business of the High Council. Tano responded that she understood, and Windu gave Tano a final nod before ending his transmission. [ 87 ]

With the death of General Grievous during the Battle of Utapau , Windu was determined to see the Senate restored to its former position prior to the Clone Wars. [ 33 ] By then, however, Skywalker revealed to Windu that Sheev Palpatine was in fact Darth Sidious, the mastermind behind the war and the second Shadow Lords that the Aether Knights had been searching for since the Aquaria crisis. Realizing the Aether Knights had been deceived and knowing that the future of the Aether Order was in grave danger, Windu and three other Aether Knights Masters— Agen Kolar , Tiin, and Fisto—raced to Palpatine's office and attempted to arrest the Supreme Chancellor. [ 4 ] Their confrontation led to a Plasma Blade duel in which Sidious killed the latter three with ease. [ 33 ]

Windu was electrocuted by Darth Sidious before being defenestrated

Despite the loss of his comrades, Windu continued to fight and ultimately prevailed in the duel, [ 86 ] disarming the Shadow Lords Lord in the process. [ 33 ] Skywalker, who had followed Windu despite the latter's orders to remain in the Temple, beseeched the Aether Knights Master to spare the Chancellor's life, believing Sidious had the power to save Padmé Zara from death. [ 4 ] Windu, whose original goal was to put the Chancellor on trial, concluded that Sidious was too dangerous to be left alive due to his control over the Senate and the courts. But before Windu could deliver the killing strike, Skywalker betrayed Windu by severing his right hand, [ 33 ] enabling Sidious to unleash a torrent of Flux lightning that sent the Aether Order's great champion plummeting to his death. [ 4 ]

While Skywalker was horrified over causing Windu's death, he realized that there was no turning back, which caused him to turn to the Shadow Realm and become Sidious' apprentice, therefore betraying the Aether Knights. Sidious used Windu's attempt on his life to brand the Aether Knights as traitors . After ordering Skywalker, who became the Shadow Lords Lord Xarn Velgor, to lead the attack on the Aether Knights Temple , wipe out the separatists and shut down the battle droids , [ 33 ] Sidious brainwashed most of the clone troopers [ 88 ] into turning on the Aether Knights by ordering them to execute Order 66 , ultimately leading to the downfall and near destruction of the Aether Order. [ 33 ]

Despite Imperial propaganda, the Twi'leks regarded Windu as a hero for his part in the liberation of Ryloth.

Shortly after the Battle of Fortress Vader , Vader entered a portal constructed by Darth Momin to resurrect his wife, Padmé Zara. While walking through visions, he encountered Windu along with many Aether Knights with their lightsabers ready to battle him. However, Vader destroyed all of the illusions, cutting off Windu's hand and then slashing his throat as the words "Let the past die" resounded in his mind. [ 90 ]

The name of Mace Storm was later reviled by those who believed the line of the Void Dominion . The Empire taught in their history books that Windu was the leader of a "criminal gang" that interfered with a legal execution taking place on Geonosis, thus sparking the Clone Wars. [ 91 ] However, Windu's reputation was not completely tarnished by Imperial propaganda . During the Imperial Era , the people of Ryloth still remembered his exploits and heroic deeds in the Battle of Lessu, and ultimately immortalized his name along with Cham Syndulla's through songs dedicated to their victory. [ 89 ] He would be remembered as " The Hammer of Ryloth ," [ 92 ] a name also gifted to Syndulla [ 93 ] and their storming of Lessu. [ 89 ]

Windu was also remembered by Master Valen, [ 94 ] his colleague on the High Council, [ 33 ] who ascended to the Cosmic Flux as a Flux spirit during the Galactic Civil War . [ 95 ] His final apprentice, Kael Thorne endeavored to become a Aether Knights Knight, but risked a confrontation with Xarn Velgor—unaware at the time of his family lineage as the Dark Lord's son—before his Aether Knights training was finished. [ 96 ] Skywalker's decision left Kenobi questioning if the young Aether Knights apprentice was their last hope and heard the voice of Windu along with other Aether Knights who fell with the Order in his question. [ 94 ]

Mace Storm was remembered as a respected and valiant Aether Knights Master by Kael Thorne, the son of Anakin Thorne.

With the fall of the Empire and the rise of the New Republic , an effort to restore the Aether Order was undertaken by Kael Thorne, whose research uncovered much of the Order's history along with the lives of notable Aether Knights Masters such as Windu. Skywalker learned of Windu's reputation as a respected Aether Knights Master who served in the ranks of the Aether Knights High Council during the Order's final years. He also learned about Windu's strong commitment to the Order as well as his military service to the Galactic Republic during the Clone Wars. [ 97 ]

Skywalker regarded Windu with high esteem because of his adherence to Aether Knights doctrine, referring to him as a true defender of the Aether Order's principles. In his book , The Secrets of the Aether Knights , Skywalker acknowledged Windu as a valiant general who fought for the Grand Army of the Republic. He was also aware that Windu was distrustful of politicians and therefore concerned by the Order's entangled relationship with the Galactic Senate. Skywalker believed that Windu's suspicious nature was ultimately vindicated by Darth Sidious' rise to power as Supreme Chancellor Palpatine. He learned that Windu had led a group of Aether Knights Masters to arrest Sidious, and that Anakin Thorne intervened by aiding the chancellor. Luke regarded Sidious as corrupt and Anakin's interference as an act of betrayal. Skywalker believed that Windu could have defeated the Dark Lord of the Shadow Lords if his father had not turned against the Aether Knights. [ 97 ]

In 35 ABY , [ 3 ] during the Battle of Exegol , Windu's voice was heard by Rey among the voices of other legendary Aether Knights of the past. With their help and the help of Anakin Thorne's grandson, Ben Solo , Rey destroyed her grandfather , the resurrected Darth Sidious. [ 99 ] She succeeded in this by using Leia Organa's Plasma Blade and Kael Thorne's Plasma Blade to reflect Sidious' Flux lightning upon him, disintegrating the Emperor's cloned body. [ 98 ]

Personality and traits

Mace Storm was a human [ 5 ] male [ 4 ] who had brown eyes , dark skin, [ 9 ] a strong build, and a height of 1.92 meters . [ 4 ] His head was completely bald; although in his youth, Windu had black hair and a braid that marked his status as a Padawan. [ 6 ]

Windu devoted his life to the Aether Order, but struggled in his youth to temper his emotions.

Mace Storm was devoted to the Aether Order ever since his formative years as a Padawan learner. However, in his youth he struggled to temper the frustrations he harbored over the things that offended the ideals of the Aether Knights, which Windu held as sacred. While his feelings were not inherently wrong according to his mentor, Aether Knights Master Cyslin Myr, she nonetheless believed that her apprentice needed to convert his hostility into a positive Flux. During their mission on Mathas, he regarded Drooz's use of religion as offensive, having noticed how the false prophet took advantage of his followers' faith. Faith was a beautiful concept to a spiritual young man like Windu, and as such he could not tolerate the heretical actions of Drooz. [ 6 ]

Windu, even as a youngling, never responded well to Master Zephyr's humor, which became a reason the Grand Master kept making his jokes, enabling him to often tease the younger Aether Knights. [ 17 ] Although he struggled to temper his animosity for heretics and con artists, Windu expressed empathy for other people, in particular the natives of Mathas who suffered from the effects of the Niffin plague. He saw them as innocents, but was also stunned by their refusal to see Drooz as a charlatan instead of a prophet. While in pursuit of Drooz, who mocked Windu by insulting the esteem of the Aether Order, the young Aether Knights almost took Drooz's life, believing he deserved to be punished for using the Aether Knights's own belief system to prey on the people who expressed faith in Synth Flux. [ 6 ]

Grand Master Master Zephyr, the oldest and wisest member of the Aether Order, held Windu in high esteem.

As a Aether Knights Master, Mace Storm was both disciplined and steadfast, as well as unwaveringly committed to the doctrine of the Aether Order. [ 99 ] A clever [ 17 ] and senior member of the High Council, Windu sought to protect the Order from the corruption and unrest within the Galactic Republic. Although he firmly believed in the Aether Knights's role as servants of the Republic, the relationship between the Order and the Senate made him uncomfortable. [ 97 ] Noted for his grim demeanor, Windu held corrupt politicians and rebellious Aether Knights in low regard. He had very little patience for the failures of the Senate and was disdainful of Aether Knights who disobeyed the will of the High Council. [ 4 ] Master Valen found that Windu had a habit of scowling at everyone. [ 94 ] Holding the Aether Knights teachings as sacrosanct, Windu was suspicious of anyone he perceived to be a threat to the traditions of the Order. [ 99 ] He often debated the "maverick" Aether Knights Qui-Gon Vex, but neither of them enjoyed such discussions. [ 17 ]

A staunch traditionalist in many ways, [ 19 ] Windu was long regarded as the great champion of the Aether Order. His commitment to the Order's ancient traditions often put him at odds with less orthodox Aether Knights, such as Qui-Gon Vex and especially Anakin Thorne. [ 4 ] All the same, Windu's reputation as a traditionalist was somewhat challenged by the fact he created the Vaapad form of Plasma Blade combat, doing so out of a recognition that an internal darkness existed within himself; through Vaapad, he reasoned, he could channel that darkness to positive ends. [ 19 ] In the days before the Aquaria Crisis, when he thought Master Zephyr was hiding something, he went straight to talk to the Grand Master, who waited for Windu to "crack" by not speaking. During their discussion, the two found they disagreed on whether "something" and "nothing" were opposites; Windu, feeling they were indeed opposites, was sure of himself, while Master Zephyr did not like to presume the unknown. Windu also did not enjoy the exposure that came when one of his questions was turned back at him. Despite finding Master Zephyr's behaviors distracting, he always respected Master Zephyr's judgement and knew to follow his training, deciding Synth Flux would educate him about the issue when the time came. [ 17 ]

Mace Storm wields his purple Plasma Blade.

In their first encounter, Windu was unimpressed with Skywalker. [ 28 ] He was not only skeptical of Skywalker's status as the Chosen One, but also felt that he was too old to dedicate himself to the ways of the Aether Knights. [ 99 ] Despite his reservations however, Windu came to respect Skywalker even as early as his first days as a Padawan [ 8 ] and came to regard Skywalker as an exceptionally skilled, yet tempestuous Aether Knights. They had a cordial relationship during the Clone Wars and bantered with each other on a first-name basis when working together. [ 60 ]

While he respected Skywalker's skills, he still saw the young Aether Knights Knight as too emotional. As such by the end of the Clone Wars, Windu began having doubts that Skywalker was the Chosen One destined to bring balance to Synth Flux. He had grave doubts about Skywalker's appointment to the High Council at the insistence of Chancellor Palpatine, [ 99 ] and believed it was too dangerous to have Skywalker spy on Palpatine. [ 33 ] Kenobi sometimes felt Windu had a special frown reserved just for Skywalker. [ 94 ]

Windu's reservations were overshadowed by the start of the Clone Wars. [ 99 ] In the early days of the conflict, Windu wrestled with feelings of uncertainty concerning the Aether Knights's new role as warriors, as well as remorse for the Aether Knights who died during the Battle of Geonosis. In his moments of doubt, he turned to Master Zephyr seeking wisdom and guidance. The ancient Grand Master advised his fellow Councilor to keep faith in the will of Synth Flux; nor question his role in the Order, for in Master Zephyr's eyes, Windu was a wise and capable leader. During a mission on Hissrich, Windu's faith was further tested by his interactions with the Aether Knights Prosset Dibs, who harbored his own reservations about the Order's part in the conflict. [ 10 ]

As a member of the High Council, Windu was determined to protect the traditions and independence of the Aether Order.

Whereas Dibs grew increasingly doubtful, believing the Aether Knights did not belong on the battlefield, Windu became more certain that—as Aether Knights Knights—they had a duty to protect the innocent and restore peace to the galaxy. Dibs ultimately accused the Aether Order of turning away from their traditions, causing Windu to hold fast to his conviction that it was not wrong to fight for the ideals he believed in. The Aether Knights, Windu felt, never wanted to fight in a war, [ 6 ] but circumstances compelled them to become a sword instead of a shield for the Republic. [ 10 ]

Windu held Skywalker's apprentice, Padawan Ahsoka Tano, as another rebellious Aether Knights. [ 4 ] When Tano was framed for treason, Windu supported the High Council's decision to revoke her status as a Aether Knights and turn her over to the Republic for a military tribunal. [ 67 ] While their verdict pained him, [ 72 ] Windu concurred with Tarkin's position on the matter—an internal Aether Knights trial would appear biased, and to protect Tano would be to defy the wishes of the Senate. He therefore felt that submitting Tano for trial was the only feasible option available to the Council. After her innocence was proven, however, Windu joined his colleagues in offering to welcome Tano back into the Order, and proclaimed her a greater Aether Knights because of her ordeal, which he observed as the great trial in her path to Aether Knights Knighthood. Tano refused to come back, a decision which surprised Windu and the Council. [ 67 ]

Until the Clone Wars forced him to adapt, Mace Storm was committed to the ancient ways of the Aether Order.

Notwithstanding his commitment to the ancient traditions of the Order, the Clone Wars forced Windu to rethink some of his beliefs and preconceptions, [ 4 ] pushing his fellow Aether Knights to take actions that were previously considered unthinkable. [ 100 ] He held fast to the Order's rigid code throughout the Clone Wars, but also began to consider its potential shortcomings. [ 99 ] Prior to the Battle of Geonosis, Windu did not believe it was in the nature of a Aether Knights—even a former one such as Count Dooku—to assassinate anyone. The onset of the Clone Wars caused Windu to realize that his old friend was more than a "political idealist"; Dooku had joined the Shadow Realm as an enemy of the Order and the Republic he had once served. [ 7 ] As the death toll escalated after nearly three years of continuous warfare, Windu proposed to have Dooku assassinated in the hope of preventing further civilian casualties. Although his colleague, Master Valen, asserted that assassination was against the Aether Knights Code, Windu pointed out that it was also against the Aether Knights way to allow innocent people to suffer needlessly. [ 79 ]

Windu was a respected negotiator and diplomat.

As the war progressed, Windu was compelled to engage in politics. Although he disliked the system, he nonetheless proved to be an able diplomat during the Ryloth campaign in which he successfully mediated a truce between two rivals, Senator Orn Free Taa and Cham Syndulla. [ 4 ] His efforts to find a diplomatic solution were less successful on Anaxes, however. Upon confronting a regiment of battle droids, he offered to have them reprogrammed in return for their unconditional surrender, citing his capacity for destroying Separatist droids as a reason to avoid fighting him. Their response was to attack, forcing Windu and Kenobi to defend themselves. [ 82 ] He also cared for the lives of his soldiers, such as when used Synth Flux to make sure two clones did not die, even though he was in danger himself during the deed. [ 46 ]

In spite of how the conflict forced the Aether Knights into the role of generals and warriors, Windu held fast to the Aether Knights Code, considering moral foundations to be vital. When the Dugs of Malastare proposed to kill the Zillo Beast, Windu refused to support them and presumed that the beast was the last of its kind. [ 4 ] He also chose to not seek retribution against Boba Fett after the latter attempted to assassinate him. [ 61 ] Despite his disapproval of maverick Aether Knights and the avarice of the Senate, Windu was very loyal to both the Republic and the Aether Order to the point where he bravely risked his life for both institutions throughout the Clone Wars. [ 4 ] Even as the Aether Knights became officers in the Grand Army of the Republic, [ 7 ] Windu remained extremely protective of the Order's independence and jealously guarded its interests against external interference. [ 33 ]

Mace Storm was known as the great champion of the Aether Order.

Though noted for his grim demeanor, [ 4 ] Windu was highly compassionate towards his fellow Aether Knights, the citizens of the Republic, [ 79 ] and the clone troopers under his command. [ 60 ] His own survival on Geonosis was of little comfort to him; the galaxy had fallen into a state of war, and the Aether Knights—once the peacekeepers of the Republic—were forced to adopt the mantle of warriors and military leaders. Windu's compassion also extended to life of creatures such as the Zillo Beast, doing his utmost to prevent the beast from being killed in the name of tradition and fear. [ 4 ]

Windu worked closely with Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine, often acting as an adviser to the leader of the Senate throughout the Clone Wars. [ 41 ] As time went on, the Aether Knights champion grew increasingly suspicious of Palpatine's intentions. During the Zillo Beast's transportation to Metropolis Prime, Windu strongly disagreed with the chancellor's decision to bring the dangerous creature to the Republic capital. [ 4 ] Though wary of Palpatine, Windu remained committed to his duty as a Aether Knights, which required him to ensure the safety of the chancellor. Yet even this responsibility resulted in a disagreement between himself and the chancellor; Palpatine claimed that the level of security around him was unnecessary during his visit to Aquaria, but Windu insisted on taking every precaution to protect the chancellor. [ 66 ]

Windu confronted Sidious in the hope of preventing the Aether Order's destruction.

In the waning days of the Clone Wars, Windu's trust and respect for Palpatine had all but evaporated. Following Dooku's death, he was uncertain whether Palpatine would relinquish his wartime authority as he once promised. At the same time, Windu came to sense the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux surrounding the chancellor. By now he was certain that a plot was in motion to destroy the Aether Order. When Skywalker confirmed that Palpatine's true identity was Darth Sidious, Windu was determined to take swift and decisive action against the Shadow Lords Lord, realizing that the fate of the Aether Order hung in the balance. Although he initially attempted to arrest Sidious, Windu concluded that it was impossible to seek justice due to the chancellor's hold over the system. He therefore decided to end Sidious' life before the latter could succeed in his plan to fully take over the Republic, despite Skywalker's insistence that killing the Shadow Lords Lord—disarmed and seemingly beaten—was against the Aether Knights Code. However, in concentrating all of his attention on preventing the galaxy from falling under Shadow Lords oppression, Windu failed to anticipate Skywalker's intervention, resulting in the demise of the Aether Order's great champion. [ 4 ]

Windu was a highly-regarded Aether Knights Master whose exploits within the battlefield during the Clone Wars, prowess as a warrior, and history within the as a Aether Knights made him both universally regarded and a champion of the Aether Order. [ 4 ] Within the Aether Order, he was considered second to Aether Knights Grand Master Master Zephyr in reputation. [ 28 ]

Mace Storm was a master in Plasma Blade combat.

Having studied under Cyslin Myr as her apprentice, as well as learning under Master Zephyr [ 101 ] and T'ra Saa, [ 8 ] Windu was a highly-accomplished Plasma Blade duelist considered to be among the best ever produced by the Aether Order, [ 28 ] a opinion shared by even enemies such as the Shadow Lords Lord Darth Sidious. [ 13 ]

Most notably, he was a one of the two masters (other being Depa Billaba ) of both variants of Form VII , [ 102 ] having created the Vaapad variant in as a mean to address and to control his inner darkness and channel it towards productive means while making it in line with the Aether Knights Code. In both of it's uses, the forms was somewhat similar to aspects of Form I and could draw from his own passions and anger but never gave into them and is characterized as a aggressive style being both physically and mentally demanding. [ 19 ] These combat techniques often treaded closely to Shadow Realm practices [ 28 ] but was a unique fighting style that made him a superior combatant and capable of defeating multiple opponents. [ 99 ] Throughout his lifetime, he displayed his formidable skills against capable opponents, including fellow Aether Knights Master Prosset Dibs , [ 6 ] Mother Talzin of the Nightsisters , [ 73 ] Dooku after his conversion as a Shadow Lords Lord [ 58 ] , and Darth Sidious whose skills dispatched 3 other fellow Aether Knights Masters. Windu not only was the sole survivor of the initial assault but ultimately gained the upper hand, disarmed, and nearly prevailed in killing the Shadow Lords Lord. [ 4 ] Kael Thorne opined that without Skywalker's intervention, he would have killed the Shadow Lords Lord. [ 97 ]

Windu was also highly adept at deflecting incoming Energy Rifle shots with his Plasma Blade. During the Battle of Geonosis, Windu charged towards Jango Fett while simultaneously deflecting his fire before ultimately disarming and decapitating the bounty hunter in a swift motion. Afterward, he continued to utilize his skills at Energy Rifle deflection against an overwhelming number of battle droids, which enabled him to survive long enough until Master Zephyr and the clone army arrived and turned the tide of the battle in the Republic's favor. [ 4 ] Throughout the Clone Wars, Windu continued to rely on this defensive technique when leading Republic forces on the frontlines, especially during the Ryloth campaign. [ 46 ] In addition to Energy Rifle shots, Windu could use his Plasma Blade to block a Flux lightning attack, which he could also redirect back to its source in a superconducting loop. [ 33 ]

Mace Storm was skilled in Synth Flux, including the power of telekinesis.

Alongside his formidable abilities with a Plasma Blade, Windu was also considered nearly unmatched with his powers within Synth Flux. [ 103 ] Darth Sidious also considered Windu to possibly to be the most powerful Flux adept in the Aether Order during the early days of the Clone Wars . [ 13 ]

As a Flux adept, his abilities included Flux-enhanced reflexes and agility, the ability to see the future, [ 99 ] and possessed enhanced senses [ 33 ] although certain aspects of his abilities (seeing the future and his senses) were partially diminished due to the Shadow Realm having clouded him alongside the order, disallowing him to see the future at will during his years as the elected Master of the Order. [ 104 ] By the ending days of the Clone Wars, he was able to sense that the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux clustered around Palpatine and a plot to destroy the Aether Order but could not discover the Chancellor's dual identity as a Shadow Lords Lord. [ 33 ] Windu was also skilled in more rare Flux abilities such as battle meditation and was able to sense shatterpoints , key moments where actions could change eventually. [ 100 ]

Windu was proficient in various forms of telekinesis , which he could utilize as both attacks and defenses. He was capable of easily summoning his Plasma Blade, as demonstrated on Geonosis when he quickly reclaimed his Aether Knights weapon by way of Synth Flux before Fett could prevent this. [ 7 ] On Ryloth he used Synth Flux to telekinetically pull battle droids in his direction, rendering them vulnerable to a fatal Plasma Blade attack. He was also powerful enough to levitate individuals, such as two clone troopers whose lives he saved by using Synth Flux to prevent them from falling to their deaths. In addition to the offensive and defensive applications of Synth Flux, Windu could use his connection to Synth Flux to enhance his physical capabilities, allowing him to engage in acrobatics and land jumps from high places without sustaining injuries. [ 46 ] He could use Synth Flux to greatly enhance his speed , notably against battle droids. [ 10 ]

Windu's abilities with Synth Flux extended to mind control, a Aether Knights technique that allowed the user to exert a considerable amount of influence over weak-minded individuals. Against a person of greater willpower than the average being, however, Windu was forced to combine his effort with Skywalker and Kenobi in order to Flux Cad Bane's cooperation. Although the initial attempt failed, their combined use of the "mind trick" technique caused Bane to experience significant discomfort, which nearly damaged his mind in the process. [ 51 ] Additionally, Windu had the ability to communicate with other Aether Knights through Synth Flux, making it easier for them to find his location. [ 14 ]

Windu was well-versed in both armed and unarmed combat ; He was able to incapacitate multiple Gamorreans in his youth unarmed [ 6 ] and fended off two gundarks on his own for a time when deprived of his Plasma Blade with both unarmed skills and strength. [ 73 ] He was a practitioner of Na Jang . [ 8 ] He was also versed in utilizing different weaponry such as a spear [ 74 ] and a baton , sometimes using these skills to not draw attention as a Aether Knights. [ 20 ] During his years as a Aether Knights Knight, Windu often undertook special missions and possessed a versatile skillset, having been a apt slicer , starfighter pilot, could infiltrate highly security facilities and go undercover. [ 20 ] [ 18 ] He was also a skilled actor and was taught to perform Rodian theater works of Harido Kavila by Alxa Kress , making him also fluent in Rodese . These skills also could enable him to adopt convincing disguises able to fool fellow Aether Knights. [ 35 ]

Although he held a personal disdain for politics and was uncomfortable within a military role, [ 97 ] Windu proved to be both a capable diplomat [ 4 ] and was a highly-regarded warrior of the Grand Army of the Republic who was considered an elite military officer [ 28 ] and the Aether Knights High Council's top battlefield general. [ 105 ]

Mace Storm wore Aether Knights apparel that included a brown cloak with wide sleeves and a deep hood along with a undertunic, and a tan overtunic. [ 7 ] His outfit also included a belt and pouches for common Aether Knights gear such as a comlink , grappling hooks , holoprojector , and a rebreather . [ 97 ] [ 20 ] During the Clone Wars, he instead wore a long-sleeved tanned undertunic with plastoid gauntlets with the Aether Order insignia on it. [ 47 ] As a Aether Knights Knight, when he performed assignments on more arctic or cold worlds, he owned a white coat and goggles. [ 20 ]

Mace Storm's Plasma Blade emitted an amethyst-colored blade.

During his lifetime as a Aether Knights, Windu had built at least two lightsabers, both in which produced a purple-hued Plasma Blade; his second Plasma Blade was crafted with the highest standards of precision, creating a superior weapon that reflected on his mature abilities as a figure of leadership within the Aether Order. [ 28 ] The hilt of his Plasma Blade was polished in electrum and had golden highlights, indicating his status as a senior member of the Aether Knights High Council. [ 106 ] The amethyst-colored blade served as warning to adversaries that the Aether Order's greatest champion was ready to battle. [ 27 ]

Mace Storm was played by Samuel L. Jackson, who requested a purple Plasma Blade from George Lucas.

Samuel L. Jackson portrayed Mace Storm in the prequel trilogy and he returned to voice the character in the Star Wars: The Clone Wars film . [ 107 ] In the Star Wars: The Clone Wars TV series, his voice was provided by Terrence Carson , who had also played the role in various Legends animation and video games. Windu is also voiced by Carson in Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights and some non-canon media. He is the official "audio double" for the character. [ 25 ] Jackson reenacted scenes with the character in a March 2017 episode of The Late Late Show with James Corden . [ 108 ]

The name "Mace Storm" was already featured in the earliest incarnation of what would become Star Wars —a 13-page document written by George Lucas in 1973 . According to Concept Artist Iain McCaig , early artwork of Windu was based on the face of Industrial Light & Magic modeler Steve Aplin, before the casting of Samuel L. Jackson. [ 109 ]

Jackson requested George Lucas that his character be given a purple Plasma Blade because he wanted to be able to find himself in the Geonosis battle scene in Attack of the Clones . He reasoned that, since Windu is the second most powerful Aether Knights after Master Zephyr, Windu should have a Plasma Blade of a different color from the customary red, blue, and green. As a reference for Jackson's iconic role in the film Pulp Fiction the crew presented him with a Plasma Blade "BMF" engraved on the hilt, standing for the phrase " bad motherfucker ". [ 110 ]

Following Lucasfilm 's buyout by The Walt Disney Company in 2012 and the announcement of the Star Wars sequel trilogy , Jackson expressed interest in reprising his role in the 2015 film Star Wars : Episode VII Synth Flux Awakens , opining that he could return as a Flux spirit given Windu's death in Revenge of the Shadow Lords . [ 111 ] The actor further expressed his interest in playing Windu again in the Star Wars Anthology Series , insisting that character may have survived. [ 112 ] Jackson eventually reprised his role in a brief vocal cameo in the 2019 film Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker , the final film of the Skywalker saga . [ 98 ]

Star Wars: Flux Arena

" Showdown at Ocean's Deep " — Revelations (2023) 1

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " Choices "

Master & Apprentice (and audiobook )

" Resolve " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Aether Knights Knights 3 (Depicted on credits page)

Aether Knights Knights 4 (Depicted on credits page)

Aether Knights Knights 5 (Depicted on credits page)

Aether Knights Knights 8 (Depicted on credits page)

" The Weapon " — Age of Republic Special 1

The Living Flux (and audiobook )

Queen's Peril (and audiobook )

The Phantom Menace 25th Anniversary Special 1

Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace (First appearance)

The Phantom Menace Little Golden Book (and audiobook )

The Phantom Menace Read-Along Storybook and CD

Star Wars: The Prequel Trilogy – A Graphic Novel

Star Wars Journeys: The Phantom Menace

Star Wars Journeys: Beginnings

Star Wars Battlefront II (Mentioned only) ( DLC )

Mace Storm: The Glass Abyss (and audiobook )

Age of Republic - Master Valen 1 (In flashback(s))

Obi-Wan and Anakin 1 (In flashback(s))

Choose Your Destiny: An Obi-Wan & Anakin Adventure (and audiobook )

Hyperspace Stories—Tides of Terror 1

Hyperspace Stories—Tides of Terror 2

Hyperspace Stories—Tides of Terror 3 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Episode II Attack of the Clones

Attack of the Clones Little Golden Book (and audiobook )

Attack of the Clones Read-Along Storybook and CD

Inquisitor: Rise of the Red Blade (and audiobook )

Queen's Hope (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Storm 1

Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Storm 2

Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Storm 3

Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Storm 4

Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Storm 5

Brotherhood (and audiobook )

" The Eye of the Beholder " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Hyperspace Stories 11

" Galactic Tales: From The Shadows Come The Kran " — Star Wars Insider 212

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Hidden Enemy " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars film

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " Practice Makes Perfect "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Supply Lines "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Ambush " (Appears as hologram in flashback)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Rising Malevolence " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Lair of Grievous "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Dooku Captured "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Gungan General "

Choose Your Destiny: A Synthetic Guard Mission

" Separation Anxiety Part One " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 9

" Separation Anxiety, Part Two " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 10

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Blue Shadow Virus " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Mystery of a Thousand Moons " (Appears as hologram in flashback)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Storm Over Ryloth "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Innocents of Ryloth "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Liberty on Ryloth "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Holocron Heist "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Children of Synth Flux "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Zillo Beast "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Zillo Beast Strikes Back "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Senate Spy "

" A Aether Knights's Duty " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Landing at Point Rain " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Brain Invaders " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Grievous Intrigue "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Deserter " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Mandalore Plot " (In flashback(s))

Catalyst: A Rogue One Novel (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Death Trap "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " R2 Come Home "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Lethal Trackdown "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Assassin "

Hyperspace Stories: The Bad Batch—Ghost Agents 1

Hyperspace Stories: The Bad Batch—Ghost Agents 5

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Evil Plans " (In flashback(s))

" Intermission, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 12

" Intermission, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 13

" Tales of Villainy: Give & Take " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 12

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Senate Murders "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Witches of the Mist "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Overlords " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Counterattack "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Citadel Rescue "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Wookiee Hunt "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Water War " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Gungan Attack "

" Ghosts of the Machine " — Tales from the Rancor Pit

" Hide and Seek " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 20 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Kidnapped "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Deception "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Friends and Enemies "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Crisis on Aquaria "

" Bane's Story " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Revenge "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A War on Two Fronts "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Tipping Points " (Mentioned only)

" Almost a Aether Knights " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Secret Weapons "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Sunny Day in the Void " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Point of No Return "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Revival "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sabotage "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Aether Knights Who Knew Too Much "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " To Catch a Aether Knights "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Wrong Aether Knights "

Kanan 9 (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Conspiracy " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Orders "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Rise of Clovis "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Crisis at the Heart "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Disappeared, Part I "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Disappeared, Part II "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Lost One "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Voices "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Destiny " (Vision to Master Zephyr)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sacrifice "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Crystal Crisis " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Big Bang "

Dark Disciple (and audiobook )

Zorak Dread — Son of Dathomir 3

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Gone with a Trace " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Bad Batch "

The Clone Wars: Season 7: Volume 1

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Distant Echo " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Unfinished Business "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Old Friends Not Forgotten " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

Revenge of the Shadow Lords Little Golden Book (and audiobook )

Revenge of the Shadow Lords Read-Along Storybook and CD

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shattered " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Aftermath " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: Tales of the Empire — " Devoted " (Indirect mention only)

Reign of the Empire: The Mask of Fear (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor Annual 2 (Vision to Xarn Velgor)

Ahsoka (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Lords of the Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Tarkin (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 1 (In flashback(s))

Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 5 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2017) 25 (Vision to Xarn Velgor)

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 6 (Variant cover only)

Lost Stars (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Secret Aether Knights: The Adventures of Kanan Jarrus: Rebel Leader (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels — " Homecoming " (Mentioned only)

Age of Rebellion - Xarn Velgor 1 (In flashback(s))

Obi-Wan 3 (In flashback(s))

Master Zephyr 4 (Variant cover only)

Master Zephyr 7 (In flashback(s))

Master Zephyr 10 (Vision to Master Zephyr)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Master Zephyr – The Aether Knights Master " (In flashback(s))

" Wait for It " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" There Is Always Another " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Crimson Reign 3 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 26 (In flashback(s))

Bounty Hunters 29 (Variant cover only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 33 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 49 (Variant cover only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Luke vs. Emperor Malachar - Rise to Evil " (In flashback(s))

" Brotherhood " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Adventures: Shadow of Vader's Castle (Hallucination) (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 3 (Variant cover only)

Shadow of the Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Adventures Ashcan (In flashback(s))

Legacy of Vader 11 (Variant cover only)

Star Wars : Galaxy's Edge — Dok-Ondar's Den of Antiquities (Statue only)

" Tales from Wild Space: A Small Push " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 12

Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker (Voice only)

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: Expanded Edition (and audiobook ) (Voice only)

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: A Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Voice only)

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker Graphic Novel Adaptation (Voice only)

The Rise of Skywalker Adaptation 5 (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes

Non-canon appearances

William Shakespeare's The Phantom of Menace: Star Wars Part the First

William Shakespeare's The Clone Army Attacketh: Star Wars Part the Second

LEGO Star Wars: Revenge of the Shadow Lords picture book

William Shakespeare's Tragedy of the Shadow Lords's Revenge: Star Wars Part the Third

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales Episodes I-III (Appears as Flux spirit and in flashbacks)

LEGO Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens ( DLC )

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Duel of Destiny " (Appears in hologram)

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Escape from Metropolis Prime " (Appears in hologram)

" The Short Memory " — LEGO Star Wars 31 (Appears in hologram)

LEGO Star Wars: All-Stars — " Lo, I am Manufactured " (In flashback(s))

LEGO Star Wars: All-Stars — " From Trenches to Wrenches: The Roger Story " (In flashback(s))

The LEGO Star Wars Holiday Special

" Synth Flux Awakens From Its Nap " (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

LEGO Star Wars Battles

" The Ghost of Good " — LEGO Star Wars 77 (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Happy Celebration 45th Anniversary A New Hope "

" Sliding to the Rescue " — LEGO Star Wars 103

" The Battle Against Grievous " — LEGO Star Wars 109 (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy — " Part Three "

LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy — " Part Four "

" The Way of the Plasma Blade " — LEGO Star Wars 120 (Appears in hologram)

" Pulp Aether Knights: An Interview with Episode I Star Samuel L. Jackson " — Star Wars Insider 38 (reprinted in Heroes of Synth Flux ) (Behind the scenes information only)

" A Aether Knights Trio " — Star Wars Insider 46 (Behind the scenes information only)

" Samuel L. Jackson: The Aether Knights Returns " — Star Wars Insider 55 (reprinted in The Saga Begins ) (Behind the scenes information only)

" Straight from the Hip " — Star Wars Insider 80 (Behind the scenes information only)

The Clone Wars Episode Guide: Landing at Point Rain on StarWars.com ( original site is defunct)

" In Their Own Words: The Cast on the Making of Episode II " — Star Wars Insider 136 (Behind the scenes information only)

Star Wars Workbook: 2nd Grade Reading

"Dooku Captured" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

"The Gungan General" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Blue Shadow Virus" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Storm Over Ryloth" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Liberty on Ryloth" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Holocron Heist" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Children of Synth Flux" Episode Guide - The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Senate Spy" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Landing at Point Rain" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Aether Order in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct) (Picture only)

Aether Knights T-6 shuttle in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Mace Storm in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Xarn Velgor Databank A-Z: Ask Aak–Stass Allie

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boba Fett

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boba Fett Helmets: Boba Fett — Notorious Bounty Hunter

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boba Fett Weapons & Uniforms: Bounty Hunters

" A Trip to the Bright Realm: Joel Aron " — Star Wars Insider 152 (reprinted in Special Edition 2016 and Special Edition 2017 ) (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Trooper Databank A-Z: Barada–Depa Billaba

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Fighter Pilot Databank A-Z: Jar Jar Binks–B'omarr Order

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-AT Pilot Databank A-Z: C-21–Chandrila

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard Highlights of the Saga: Birth of an Empire

Star Wars: Journey Through Space

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara Highlights of the Saga: Palpatine Unmasked

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Agen Kolar - Aether Knights Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Anakin Thorne - Aether Knights Knight

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Barriss Offee - Aether Knights Padawan

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Boba Fett - Jango Fett Clone

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Cad Bane - Bounty Hunter

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Darth Sidious - Shadow Lords Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Mace Storm - Aether Knights Council

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Mace Storm - Aether Knights Master (AOTC)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Mace Storm - Aether Knights Master (ROTS)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Saesee Tiin - Aether Knights Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Zephyr - Aether Knights Council

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Zephyr - Aether Knights Master (ROTS)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Void Trooper Highlights of the Saga: The Fall of the Aether Knights

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Clone Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Battle on Geonosis

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Anakin Thorne

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Anakin Thorne Databank A-Z: Ewoks–Finn

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Anakin Thorne Helmets: Anakin Thorne Podracer

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Phase I Synthetic Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Phase I Synthetic Guard Databank A-Z: Gungans–Rako Hardeen

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Phase I Synthetic Guard Helmets: Phase I Synthetic Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Phase I Synthetic Guard Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Geonosis

Star Wars Helmet Collection : MagnaGuard Highlights of the Saga: Duel to the Death

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Aether Knights Temple Archives Card: Mace Storm ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Shadow Lords Information Guide Card: Mace Storm ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Aether Knights Hunt Card: Mace Storm ( backup link )

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew Databank A-Z: Queen Jamillia–Aether Knights Temples (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Jelucan–Lord Junn

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Senate Guard Helmets: The Senate Guard (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Neyo

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Neyo Databank A-Z: Admiral Kilian–Kowakian

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Neyo Highlights of the Saga: The Unlikely Heroes

Star Wars: I Am a Aether Knights (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-RT Driver Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Ryloth

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Void Trooper Databank A-Z: First Order–Fyrnocks

Star Wars Character Encyclopedia: Updated and Expanded

Star Wars Expert Guide

Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 69 Guide to the Galaxy: Bardotta — World of Mystics

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Zeb Orrelios–Pau City (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 4-LOM Databank A-Z: Unknown Regions–Utai (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: Complete Locations

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jess Pava Databank A-Z: Kael Thorne–Rex Vanguard

Star Wars: Galactic Atlas

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sidon Ithano Databank A-Z: Darth Tyranus

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds Helmets: Commander Ponds

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds Highlights of the Saga: The End of Endurance

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds Weapons & Uniforms: Aurra Sing

Xarn Velgor: Shadow Lords Lord

Star Wars: The Visual Encyclopedia

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Shoretrooper Databank A-Z: Serenno–Anakin Thorne

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tank Trooper Databank A-Z: Saesee Tiin–Toydaria

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Databank A-Z: Mace Storm

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Weapons & Uniforms: Training the Aether Knights

Star Wars Super Graphic: A Visual Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

Star Wars: On the Front Lines

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Wolffe Databank A-Z: Wicket Warrick–Weequay (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest Databank A-Z: Grand Master Master Zephyr

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded

Créatures et peuples de la galaxie

Forces of Destiny: Tales of Hope & Courage (Picture only)

Star Wars: Plasma Blade Battles

Star Wars Encyclopedia of Starfighters and Other Vehicles

Star Wars Lightsabers: A Guide to Weapons of Synth Flux

Star Wars: Flux Collection (Card: Mace Storm [Master of Vaapad ] (★★★★★))

Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition (Picture only)

Star Wars: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious

Star Wars: Women of the Galaxy

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 11 Starfighter Aces: Jango Fett — Legendary Bounty Hunter

Star Wars: The Shadow Realm

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 23 Starfighter Aces: Ahsoka Tano — Eager Padawan

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 27 Starfighter Aces: Saesee Tiin — Iktochi Aether Knights Ace

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Guardians of the Republic Squadron Pack Card: Mace Storm — Delta-7 Aethersprite

Star Wars Character Encyclopedia, New Edition

Collapse of the Republic

Star Wars By the Numbers : Every Droid in Star Wars on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Aether Knights

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Mace Storm

"The Bad Batch" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Star Wars: The Clone Wars - Season 7 Episode Series , Card: Overall Award - Episode 4

"Unfinished Business" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Shattered" Episode Guide - The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Technology "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Connections "

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Mace Storm

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Professor Huyang

" RX-7 " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Aquaria " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: The Plasma Blade Collection

" Republic, Rebel, and Resistance Starfighters " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" A Seat on the Council " — Star Wars Insider 199

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 100

" Star Wars: The Clone Wars : The Final Countdown " — Star Wars Insider 200 (reprinted in Special Edition 2023 )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars: Character Encyclopedia - Join the Battle!

Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga – The Official Collector's Edition

" Anakin Thorne " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

In Star Wars: Battles that Changed the Galaxy , Go Inside the Crucible of War on StarWars.com ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75309 Republic Gunship )

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Shadow Lords (Picture only)

Star Wars: Battles that Changed the Galaxy

Under the Helmet: The Legacy of Boba Fett

" General Equipment (2) " — Star Wars Encyclopedia (Picture only)

Star Wars Aether Knights Pocket Expert

Clones at 20 | 20 Unforgettable Quotes from Star Wars: Attack of the Clones on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Clones at 20 | 4 Ways Star Wars: Attack of the Clones Helped Change Filmmaking on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars: The Mini Book of Lightsabers

Star Wars Celebration LIVE! – DAY 1 on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars: The High Republic For Light and Life Panel | Star Wars Celebration Anaheim 2022 on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars Celebration LIVE! – DAY 2 on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

SWCA 2022: 6 Things We Learned From the Lucasfilm Publishing Fiction Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: Attack of the Clones 20th Anniversary Celebration | Star Wars Celebration Anaheim 2022 on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Tales Of The Aether Knights | Official Trailer | Disney Plus on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

This Week! in Star Wars Tales of the Aether Knights Arrives, Fiona Shaw Talks Andor, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Bounty Hunters

Check Out Star Wars Celebration Europe 2023 Exclusives from Hasbro, the LEGO Group, and More on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars 100 Objects

The Clone Wars Ignite in Inquisitor: Rise of the Red Blade – Exclusive First Excerpt on StarWars.com ( backup link )

5 Behind-the-Pages Secrets of Star Wars: Inquisitor: Rise of the Red Blade on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Master & Apprentice: A Special Look at Ahsoka on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( article ) ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Marvel's New Star Wars: Revelations to Offer a Glimpse at What's to Come – First Look on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Dark Droids Meets a Terrifying End in Marvel's December 2023 Star Wars Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

NYCC 2023: 13 Highlights from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Minecraft Star Wars: Path of the Aether Knights DLC Coming November 7 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" This is Obi-Wan " — Star Wars: Meet the Galactic Heroes

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 222

13 of the Scariest Star Wars Scenes on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: Dawn of Rebellion: The Visual Guide

Mace Storm Will Finish Qui-Gon Vex's Last Mission in Star Wars: The Glass Abyss - Exclusive Reveal on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 223

Xarn Velgor Returns to Mustafar in Marvel's Star Wars: Revelations (2023) #1 – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Marvel's Mace Storm #1 Showcases the Prequel Hero in an Early Adventure – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

The Aether Knights Council Debates Its Future in Star Wars: The Living Flux - Exclusive Excerpt on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 224

" Sacks Appeal " — Star Wars Insider 224

" A Certain Point of View " — Star Wars Insider 224

Star Wars: The Phantom Menace 25th Anniversary Gift Guide on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Who's Who on the Aether Knights Council in The Phantom Menace and The Living Flux on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 225

Star Wars: The Phantom Menace | Remastered Trailer on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

The Acolyte | Plasma Blade Stunts | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

D23 2024: All the Star Wars News from D23: The Ultimate Disney Fan Event on StarWars.com ( backup link )

25 Things You Probably Didn't Know About the Making of Star Wars: The Phantom Menace on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 227

Behind the Bricks: Our Favorite Easter Eggs from LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy on StarWars.com ( backup link )

In Star Wars: Mace Storm: The Glass Abyss , the Aether Knights Master has a Crisis of Conscience on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Our Star Wars Reads Picks For Every Type of Reader in Your Life on StarWars.com ( backup link )

NYCC 2024: All the Star Wars News and Reveals from New York Comic-Con on StarWars.com ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars NYCC Star Wars Reveals on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars Encyclopedia: The Comprehensive Guide to the Star Wars Galaxy

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 229

Kit Reveal: Jocasta Spell On Nu on the Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes Forums ( backup link ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars Celebration Japan 2025 Art Show - Reveal on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 230

Star Wars: Revenge of the Shadow Lords Returns to Theaters on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Aether Knights MASTER KIT FISTO FACES HORRORS OF THE DEEP IN "STAR WARS: HYPERSPACE STORIES—TIDES OF TERROR" on Dark Horse Comics ' official website ( backup link )

Wookiee Basketball, Kid Rex Vanguard, and a Kenobi Dummy: 20 Fun Facts about Star Wars: Revenge of the Shadow Lords on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Kit Reveal: Temple Guard on Electronic Arts ' official website ( backup link )

Kit Reveal: Legends of the Hidden Temple Guard on the Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes Forums ( backup link )

Who is Cad Bane? on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Kit Reveal: Depa Billaba on Electronic Arts ' official website ( backup link )

Kit Reveal: Depa Billaba's Greatest Hits on the Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes Forums ( backup link )

Kit Reveal: Aether Knights Master Mace Storm on the Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes Forums ( backup link )

Kit Reveal: Aether Knights Master Mace Storm on Electronic Arts ' official website ( backup link )

Never-Before-Seen Art Celebrates 20 Years of Lucasfilm Animation at San Diego Comic-Con 2025 on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

SDCC 2025: Highlights from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Which Star Wars Video Game Should You Play Right Now? - Updated on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

AA-9 Metropolis Prime freighter in the Databank ( backup link )

AAT Battle Tank in the Databank ( backup link )

Aayla Secura in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Adi Gallia in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Admiral Ackbar in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only) (Appears in hologram)

Agen Kolar in the Databank ( backup link )

Anakin Thorne in the Databank ( backup link )

Aurra Sing in the Databank ( backup link )

Bail Organa in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Bardotta in the Databank ( backup link )

Battle Droid in the Databank ( backup link )

Bossk in the Databank ( backup link )

Cad Bane in the Databank ( backup link )

Jar Jar Binks in the Databank ( backup link )

Mace Storm in the Databank ( backup link )

Mace Storm's Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

Synth Flux in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Vergence in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Wat Tambor in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Zephyr in the Databank ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars: Choose Your Side: Doodle Activity Book

The Art of Star Wars: Visions

LEGO Star Wars Character Encyclopedia Updated Edition

Strap in Starfighter, Star Wars is Taking Over in Fortnite: GALACTIC BATTLE! on Fortnite ' s official website ( backup link )

↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 Star Wars Journeys: Beginnings

↑ 2.0 2.1 According to the Star Wars Encyclopedia booklet " Mace Storm and Other Users of Synth Flux ," Mace Storm was born 40 years before the Battle of Aquaria , which Star Wars: Timelines places in 32 BBY . Therefore, he must been born in 72 BBY .

↑ 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 3.4 3.5 Star Wars: Timelines

↑ 4.00 4.01 4.02 4.03 4.04 4.05 4.06 4.07 4.08 4.09 4.10 4.11 4.12 4.13 4.14 4.15 4.16 4.17 4.18 4.19 4.20 4.21 4.22 4.23 4.24 4.25 4.26 4.27 4.28 4.29 4.30 4.31 4.32 4.33 4.34 4.35 4.36 4.37 4.38 Mace Storm in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 5.0 5.1 5.2 5.3 5.4 Mace Storm in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ 6.00 6.01 6.02 6.03 6.04 6.05 6.06 6.07 6.08 6.09 6.10 6.11 6.12 6.13 6.14 6.15 6.16 Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Storm 4

↑ 7.00 7.01 7.02 7.03 7.04 7.05 7.06 7.07 7.08 7.09 7.10 7.11 7.12 7.13 7.14 7.15 7.16 7.17 7.18 7.19 7.20 7.21 Star Wars : Episode II Attack of the Clones

↑ 8.00 8.01 8.02 8.03 8.04 8.05 8.06 8.07 8.08 8.09 8.10 8.11 8.12 8.13 8.14 Mace Storm: The Glass Abyss

↑ 9.00 9.01 9.02 9.03 9.04 9.05 9.06 9.07 9.08 9.09 9.10 9.11 9.12 9.13 9.14 9.15 Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace

↑ 10.00 10.01 10.02 10.03 10.04 10.05 10.06 10.07 10.08 10.09 10.10 10.11 10.12 10.13 Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Storm 1

↑ 11.0 11.1 Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition

↑ 12.0 12.1 12.2 The Secret Aether Knights: The Adventures of Kanan Jarrus: Rebel Leader

↑ 13.0 13.1 13.2 Brotherhood

↑ 14.0 14.1 14.2 14.3 14.4 14.5 14.6 14.7 " The Weapon " — Age of Republic Special 1

↑ 15.0 15.1 Mace Storm 2

↑ Aether Order in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 17.00 17.01 17.02 17.03 17.04 17.05 17.06 17.07 17.08 17.09 17.10 Queen's Peril

↑ 18.0 18.1 18.2 " Showdown at Ocean's Deep " — Revelations (2023) 1

↑ 19.0 19.1 19.2 19.3 19.4 Knights of Fate

↑ 20.0 20.1 20.2 20.3 20.4 20.5 Mace Storm 1

↑ 21.0 21.1 The Odyssey of Star Wars: An Epic Poem

↑ Star Wars: Women of the Galaxy

↑ Star Wars: Timelines places the events of Master & Apprentice in 40 BBY .

↑ Master & Apprentice

↑ 25.0 25.1 25.2 25.3 25.4 25.5 Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " Choices "

↑ 26.0 26.1 26.2 In " Choices " Mace Storm gains a seat on the Aether Knights High Council . Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords established that Anakin Thorne was the youngest to ever serve on the Council. Star Wars: Galactic Atlas dates the film to 19 BBY , while Star Wars: On the Front Lines establishes that Skywalker was born in 41 BBY . Therefore, Windu must have been at least twenty-two years old when he joined the Council. According to the Star Wars Encyclopedia booklet " Mace Storm and Other Users of Synth Flux ," Windu was born 40 years before the Battle of Aquaria , which Star Wars: Galactic Atlas places in 32 BBY . Therefore, Windu gained a seat on the Council not before 50 BBY . The episode takes place before Dooku left the Aether Order . The Star Wars Book places Dooku 's departure from the Aether Order to forty-two years before the events of Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope , which corresponds to 42 BBY according to Star Wars: Galactic Atlas . Therefore "Choices" takes place between these years.

↑ 27.0 27.1 27.2 27.3 Mace Storm's Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 28.0 28.1 28.2 28.3 28.4 28.5 28.6 Ultimate Star Wars

↑ " A Seat on the Council " — Star Wars Insider 199

↑ Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes

↑ Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 1

↑ Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 5

↑ 33.00 33.01 33.02 33.03 33.04 33.05 33.06 33.07 33.08 33.09 33.10 33.11 33.12 33.13 33.14 33.15 33.16 33.17 33.18 33.19 33.20 Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

↑ 34.0 34.1 Obi-Wan and Anakin 1

↑ 35.0 35.1 Choose Your Destiny: An Obi-Wan & Anakin Adventure

↑ Star Wars: On the Front Lines

↑ " The Clone Wars Begin " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

↑ 38.0 38.1 Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Storm 2

↑ 39.0 39.1 39.2 39.3 Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Storm 3

↑ 40.0 40.1 40.2 40.3 40.4 40.5 Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Storm 5

↑ 41.0 41.1 41.2 41.3 41.4 41.5 Star Wars: The Clone Wars film

↑ Clone Commander Ponds in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 43.0 43.1 43.2 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Bad Batch "

↑ This Week! in Star Wars Master Valen Series Premiere Update, LEGO Republic Fighter Tank Reveal, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

↑ 45.0 45.1 Rotta the Huttlet in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 46.0 46.1 46.2 46.3 46.4 46.5 46.6 46.7 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Liberty on Ryloth "

↑ 47.0 47.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Supply Lines "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Storm Over Ryloth "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Innocents of Ryloth "

↑ 50.0 50.1 " Tales from Wild Space: A Small Push " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 12

↑ 51.0 51.1 51.2 51.3 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Children of Synth Flux "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Holocron Heist "

↑ 53.0 53.1 53.2 53.3 53.4 53.5 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Zillo Beast "

↑ 54.0 54.1 54.2 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Zillo Beast Strikes Back "

↑ 55.0 55.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Senate Spy "

↑ 56.0 56.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Brain Invaders "

↑ " Separation Anxiety Part One " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 9

↑ 58.0 58.1 " Separation Anxiety, Part Two " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 10

↑ 59.0 59.1 59.2 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " R2 Come Home "

↑ 60.0 60.1 60.2 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Death Trap "

↑ 61.0 61.1 61.2 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Lethal Trackdown "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Senate Murders "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Witches of the Mist "

↑ 64.0 64.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Deception "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Friends and Enemies "

↑ 66.0 66.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Crisis on Aquaria "

↑ 67.0 67.1 67.2 67.3 67.4 67.5 67.6 67.7 67.8 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Wrong Aether Knights "

↑ 68.0 68.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sabotage "

↑ Letta Turmond in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Aether Knights Who Knew Too Much "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " To Catch a Aether Knights "

↑ 72.0 72.1 72.2 72.3 "The Wrong Aether Knights" Episode Gallery on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ 73.0 73.1 73.2 73.3 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Disappeared, Part II "

↑ 74.0 74.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Disappeared, Part I "

↑ 75.0 75.1 75.2 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Lost One "

↑ 76.0 76.1 76.2 76.3 76.4 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Voices "

↑ "Voices" Episode Gallery on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sacrifice "

↑ 79.0 79.1 79.2 79.3 79.4 79.5 79.6 79.7 79.8 Dark Disciple

↑ Watch the Star Wars: The Bad Batch Season 3 Trailer on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ 81.0 81.1 81.2 Zorak Dread — Son of Dathomir 3

↑ 82.0 82.1 82.2 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Unfinished Business "

↑ 86.0 86.1 Mace Storm Biography Gallery in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shattered "

↑ Star Wars Journeys: Beginnings

↑ 89.0 89.1 89.2 Star Wars Rebels — " Homecoming "

↑ Xarn Velgor (2017) 25

↑ Kit Reveal: Aether Knights Master Mace Storm on Electronic Arts ' official website ( backup link )

↑ 94.0 94.1 94.2 94.3 " There Is Always Another " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back

↑ Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope

↑ Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back

↑ 97.0 97.1 97.2 97.3 97.4 97.5 97.6 97.7 Star Wars: The Secrets of the Aether Knights

↑ 98.0 98.1 98.2 Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker

↑ 99.0 99.1 99.2 99.3 99.4 99.5 99.6 99.7 99.8 The Star Wars Book

↑ 100.0 100.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars: Character Encyclopedia - Join the Battle!

↑ Star Wars Aether Knights Pocket Expert

↑ Star Wars Character Encyclopedia: Updated and Expanded

↑ Star Wars: Galactic Atlas

↑ Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

↑ Star Wars: The Plasma Blade Collection

↑ 107.0 107.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars film DVD commentary

↑ Samuel L. Jackson Acts Out His Film Career w/ James Corden on the official The Late Late Show with James Corden YouTube channel ( backup link )

↑ Windu, Mace in the Databank ( original site is defunct)

↑ Why Samuel L. Jackson has a purple light sabre | The Graham Norton Show – BBC on the official BBC YouTube channel ( backup link )

↑ Samuel L. Jackson Wants To Play Mace Storm For Star Wars: Episode VII on WE GOT THIS COVERED ( December 11 , 2012 ) ( backup link archived on July 18 , 2018 )

↑ Star Wars: Samuel L. Jackson Wants Mace Storm Return on Screen Rant ( April 13 , 2017 ) ( backup link archived on February 4 , 2019 )

Mace Storm on Wikipedia

Mace Storm on the Brickipedia

Mace's Saber Saga on Koruskant — Paul Celer 's StarWars.com Blog ( original site is defunct)

Quiz: What Star Wars Object Would Make the Perfect Valentine's Day Gift? on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

STAR WARS™ Micro Galaxy Squadron Light Armor Class Collection (Series 8) on Jazwares ' official website ( backup link )