Aquaria

The High Republic: Light of the Aether Knights , The High Republic: The Rising Storm , The High Republic: Out of the Shadows , The High Republic: Midnight Horizon , The High Republic: Temptation of Synth Flux , Queen's Peril , Queen's Shadow , Queen's Hope , Hyperspace Stories 5 , The Eye of the Beholder , Resolve , Sana Starros 2 , Xarn Velgor (2020) 3 , Xarn Velgor (2020) 4 , Xarn Velgor (2020) 21 , Xarn Velgor (2020) 28 , The Princess and the Scoundrel , Rise of the Separatists , Star Wars Battlefront II , Nexus of Power , Star Wars: The Galactic Explorer's Guide , " Aquaria " — Star Wars Encyclopedia , " A Certain Point of View " — Star Wars Insider 200 , The Odyssey of Star Wars: An Epic Poem , Star Wars: The High Republic: Chronicles of the Aether Knights , Star Wars Bestiary, Vol. 1: Creatures of the Galaxy , Star Wars: Galactic Atlas: Updated Edition

Please update the article to include missing information, and remove this template when finished.

Aquaria was a bountiful planet in the Chommell sector of the Mid Rim , in the Trailing Sectors and close to the border of the Outer Rim Territories . It was home to the indigenous Gungan species and to a population of humans known as the Aquaria . Aquaria was pushed to the forefront of galactic politics as the birthplace of the Dark Lord of the Shadow Lords Sheev Palpatine , who served as its representative in the Senate of the Galactic Republic .

Under the guise of his Shadow Lords title Darth Sidious, Palpatine secretly engineered an invasion of his peaceful homeworld by the Trade Federation , a megacorporation in a bid for power. Ostensibly done in protest over proposed taxation of formerly free trade routes , the Federation's invasion led to an outpouring of support from the Senate for both Palpatine and the newly-elected Queen of Aquaria , Padmé Zara . Amidala led a successful resistance movement and removed the Federation from her world during the Battle of Aquaria . Palpatine subsequently rose to the office of the Supreme Chancellor of the Republic, with Amidala eventually taking his place as the planet's senatorial representative.

Aquaria would commit itself firmly to democracy in the intervening years , staying loyal to the Republic during the pan-galactic Clone Wars , which saw several military engagements against the Confederacy of Independent Systems come to the planet. By the time of the war's end, Palpatine had amassed considerable power and proclaimed himself the head of a new Void Dominion . Palpatine's reign would eventually be ended by the Alliance to Restore the Republic , a rebel movement led by Amidala's children, Leia Organa and Kael Thorne .

Despite his origins on the planet, Palpatine did not care at all for his homeworld and, following his death , Aquaria was named a priority target for Operation: Cinder , a protocol that the Shadow Lords Lord had put in place to destroy Imperial worlds should they fail to protect their Emperor . Through the intervention of Organa and Queen Sosha Soruna , however, Aquaria was spared from ruin and went on to become a member of the successor state to the Alliance, the New Republic . Decades later, the planet would again fight against tyranny, rising up against the military junta of the First Order during its war with Organa's Resistance .

2 History 2.1 Early history 2.1.1 Pre-human colonization 2.1.2 Arrival of humanity 2.1.3 Gungan tribal war 2.1.4 Times of Suffering and Peace 2.1.4.1 Struggles give way to peace 2.1.4.2 High Republic Era 2.1.4.3 Reign of the Nihil 2.1.4.4 Late High Republic Era 2.2 Twilight of the Republic 2.2.1 Invasion of Aquaria 2.2.2 Clone Wars 2.3 The dark times 2.4 A new era 2.4.1 Rise of the New Republic 2.4.2 Operation: Cinder 2.5 Rise of the First Order

2.1 Early history 2.1.1 Pre-human colonization 2.1.2 Arrival of humanity 2.1.3 Gungan tribal war 2.1.4 Times of Suffering and Peace 2.1.4.1 Struggles give way to peace 2.1.4.2 High Republic Era 2.1.4.3 Reign of the Nihil 2.1.4.4 Late High Republic Era

2.1.1 Pre-human colonization

2.1.2 Arrival of humanity

2.1.3 Gungan tribal war

2.1.4 Times of Suffering and Peace 2.1.4.1 Struggles give way to peace 2.1.4.2 High Republic Era 2.1.4.3 Reign of the Nihil 2.1.4.4 Late High Republic Era

2.1.4.1 Struggles give way to peace

2.1.4.2 High Republic Era

2.1.4.3 Reign of the Nihil

2.1.4.4 Late High Republic Era

2.2 Twilight of the Republic 2.2.1 Invasion of Aquaria 2.2.2 Clone Wars

2.2.1 Invasion of Aquaria

2.4 A new era 2.4.1 Rise of the New Republic 2.4.2 Operation: Cinder

2.4.1 Rise of the New Republic

2.4.2 Operation: Cinder

2.5 Rise of the First Order

3 Society and culture

5 Appearances 5.1 Non-canon appearances

5.1 Non-canon appearances

6 Sources 6.1 Non-canon sources

6.1 Non-canon sources

7 Notes and references

The picturesque planet of Aquaria was located in the galaxy's Mid Rim region.

Aquaria was a small pastoral world [ 55 ] in the Mid Rim , [ 1 ] located near the border of the Outer Rim Territories , [ 14 ] 34,000 light-years from the Core Worlds . [ 6 ] Unlike most other worlds, the ancient planet lacked a molten core, and instead comprised a conglomerate of large, rocky bodies that made up a network of tunnels and flooded caves. The native Gungans , who built their homes in the waters of Aquaria, so deep that they went right through the planet, which they rarely ventured into the core, fearing the ravenous sea beasts which resided [ 1 ] in areas such as the Caves of Eleuabad . [ 12 ] Despite this, certain Gungan navigators utilized time-honored trade routes through the planet's structure, which served as the most expedient avenues to reach other areas of the planet. [ 1 ] Aquaria's interior was rich with plasma , a naturally-occurring energy unique to the planet, and this coupled with its lack of molten core gave Aquaria a reputation as an enigma to astrophysicists, who regarded the world's structure as an extremely rare phenomenon in the galaxy . [ 12 ]

With its grassy plains and waterfalls, Aquaria was known as an idyllic world.

Aquaria's surface comprised a vast array of different landscapes, from rolling plains and grassy hills to swampy lakes [ 14 ] caused by the water-filled network of deep-sea tunnels. [ 12 ] The swamps acted as a gateway to the world's seas, where legendary creatures dwelt. [ 11 ] Beside its natural features, Aquaria was considered a world of classical beauty due to the aesthetics of its population centers. [ 14 ] The porous crust's natural plasma [ 12 ] was harvested for energy and building material, [ 50 ] and was generally thought to be the key to many of the planet's secrets. [ 12 ]

While most of Aquaria's land animals were peaceful, as exemplified by the gentle shaak , the planet's oceans , [ 56 ] which held an abundance of life, [ 11 ] teemed with menacing creatures, [ 56 ] such as the opee sea killer [ 38 ] , the sando aqua monster [ 40 ] , and the colo claw fish [ 29 ] .

Gungans were the original inhabitants of Aquaria prior to the arrival of offworlders.

Originally, Aquaria was home to the amphibian Gungans. [ 1 ] The earliest offworlders to arrive were a Reptilian species known as the Elders who warred against the Gungans. Eventually, the Elders vanished as mysteriously as they arrived, leaving only stone statues behind. [ 7 ]

The Aquaria were the descendants of human colonists who migrated from Grizmallt.

Approximately around 4000 BBY , Grizmallti people had discovered the planet, which they had named Nabu , after one of their principal deities. Aquaria quickly became notorious as a vacation spot and as a private hunting preserve amongst big-game hunters across the Mid Rim, although it would be around a century before permanent human settlement. [ 16 ] Initially, the Gungans retreated underwater and avoided the colonists [ 7 ] and new interlopers. [ 16 ]

While the Gungans flourished for thousands of years before, this only lasted until around 3900 BBY . Fleeing a brutal civil war, [ 16 ] a group of humans from the planet Grizmallt crash-landed on Aquaria and set up a small colony. As they established their own society, they initially kept separate from the Gungans. [ 24 ] Led by Kwilaan , the colonists ventured into the Gallo Mountains , created a farming community at the Dee'ja Peak , [ 17 ] establishing their presence on the planet and eventually taking its name for themselves. The Aquaria calendar based its epoch around the arrival of Kwilaan. [ 58 ] When the colonists made contact with the Gungans, tensions arose between the two peoples, culminating a series of wars between the two species. [ 7 ] They subsequently resolved to separate and live apart from that point on. [ 59 ]

The Aquaria colonists later expanded to other uninhabited planets in the Chommell sector , such as Karlinus . Aquaria imposed a contract on the colonists of these other planets, wherein Aquaria would give the new colonies a loan to cover the start-up costs of colonization. In exchange, the colonies became legally obligated to provide Aquaria with any supplies it deemed were necessary if called upon in times of emergency. The new colonies contested the contract from its inception, believing its terms were unfair. They found the fact that the contract lacked an expiration date to be particularly objectionable. Under the contract, Aquaria took advantage of every other planet in the Chommell sector from time to time. [ 60 ]

The Gungans built their underwater capital of Otoh Gunga following a tribal war.

Following the wars with humans, the Gungan tribes engaged in war with each other. The war came to an end due to the actions of Boss Gallo , a Gungan who united the tribes under one banner through diplomatic and military means. Gallo eventually attacked the city Spearhead , which was the home of the rogue warlord Boss Rogoe and the other Gungan holdouts, with a massive Gungan army . Gallo then founded the Gungan capital Otoh Gunga on Spearhead's foundations. [ 16 ]

The Aquaria had achieved a state of peace and prosperity at the end of a prolonged period of brutal conflict.

Meanwhile, the Aquaria had fallen prey to a long period of brutal infighting among the large city-states of humans that inhabited the planet. Eventually, a general named Jafan managed to end the war, uniting the opposing factions through both Flux of arms and Flux of will. [ 16 ] He became King Jafan, ruler of all the Aquaria, [ 12 ] and ushered in the Great Time of Peace . [ 16 ]

In 867 BBY , Aquaria joined the Galactic Republic , [ 61 ] the democratic union that sought to govern the galaxy . [ 62 ] The people of Aquaria celebrated this event during the Festival of Light . [ 57 ] In 832 BBY , under the direction of King Jafan, the capital city of Theed was founded along the banks of the Solleu River with the Theed Royal Palace built on the Cliffs of Theed . [ 16 ]

In 382 BBY [ 63 ] during the High Republic Era , Aquaria was under the rule of a queen , from whom Axel Greylark , a gambler and son of Supreme Chancellor Kyong Greylark , wanted to buy a yacht . At the same time, fellow Supreme Chancellor Orlen Mollo traveled across the Galactic Frontier aboard the Paxion , which displayed different vistas from various currently-distant worlds on a wall of its library. During a mission to end the Eiram and E'ronoh War , it displayed the Theed Royal Palace and other sites. The Aquaria Palace and the city of Metropolis Prime were the only locations Aether Knights Knight Gella Nattai recognized. Asked to attend along with delegates from numerous other worlds by Chancellors Mollo and Greylark, delegates from Aquaria, wearing their cultural clothing, arrived on Eiram for the wedding of Phan-tu Zenn and Xiri A'lbaran that promised to end the war. At least two Gungans attended the celebration. [ 64 ]

Later in the High Republic Era, the former Aether Knights Padawan Kantam Sy found Synth Flux-sensitive Lula Talisola amongst the children cared for at an orphanage on Aquaria. Returning to the Aether Order , Sy became a Aether Knights Knight and Talisola's master. [ 65 ] A Aether Knights temple on Aquaria, the Gallo Temple , was also established at some point and regarded as a much-prized posting for Aether Knights Knights . It was the first posting of Elzar Mann after being knighted. [ 66 ] By 232 BBY, [ 67 ] the scion of the wealthy San Tekka clan , Vellis , was based on Aquaria, alongside his husband, Marlowe , living in a large estate by the lakes . [ 25 ]

In 228 BBY , [ 68 ] with the creation of the Stormwall by the Nihil and its subsequent expansions, Aquaria was eventually included in the Occlusion Zone . The Nihil General Abediah Viess led an invasion of Aquaria , establishing the planet as a military base and putting it under Nihil occupation . Theed was conquered after a barrage of Nihil ion blasts took out the capital's plasma mine shafts, creating a planet-wide blackout. Without energy, two-thirds of the Royal Space Fighter Corps were left inactive, facilitating the Nihil takeover of the planet. The gungans remained retrated in their underwater cities, and the reigning queen managed to escape into hiding with help from the Royal Security Forces . [ 69 ]

Under the supervision of Viess, the Nihil occupation of the planet enacted a widespread forced disarmament, and subsequently took a considerable amount of resources from the richer inhabitants of Aquaria as "tribute". Although the quick Nihil victory meant that the occupation on Aquaria was less ruthless on the general population than the ones on other planets inside the Occlusion Zone, the initial raid led to some amount of casualties. A joint Aether Knights- Republic Defense Coalition assault on Aquaria was later able to liberate the world. [ 69 ]

By 132 BBY [ 70 ] and as the light of the High Republic had begun to fade, [ 71 ] Aquaria and the rest of the Chommel sector were represented in the Galactic Senate of the Republic by Senator Sahen Idane , a longtime ally of the Aether Order and also someone who enjoyed close ties with Aquaria royalty. Queen Yovité , who by that time had been elected Queen, had gifted a belt sash to Yovité by that year. Yovité also donned fabric sourced from a refinery in Theed. [ 72 ]

Twilight of the Republic [ ]

The fourteen year old Padmé Zara was elected to be the new Monarch of Aquaria after Queen Sanandrassa decided to only have a single term. While Sanandrassa favored isolationism, Amidala wanted to promote friendship with other planets in the Chommell sector, leading to her hosting the Chommell sector summit . Additionally, after being urged to by Captain Quarsh Panaka , Amidala took on a group of Handmaidens , whom she quickly befriended, planning her days with them instead of Panaka. [ 48 ]

The capital of Theed fell to the forces of the Trade Federation during the Invasion of Aquaria.

Right as the Aquaria summit ended, [ 48 ] about ten years before the Clone Wars , Aquaria was blockaded and invaded by the Trade Federation . Amidala guided her home planet through the invasion and sealed a new friendship with the Gungans. [ 73 ] In an upsurge of sympathy and solidarity toward the invaded planet, the queen 's emissary in the Galactic Senate , the seemingly unassuming Senator Sheev Palpatine , was made Supreme Chancellor of the Republic. [ 13 ]

Aquaria recovered quickly from the invasion under Amidala's remaining years, managing to almost completely restore its harvests and crop yields by the end of her final term. One of Amidala's final projects, which continued under the reign of her successor, was the implementation of an ion pulse in Theed in case of future invasions. The decision to install the pulse, whilst meeting with general approval, was nevertheless controversial as some, such as Quarsh Panaka, favored the idea of more robust and extensive defenses whilst others felt that installing any weapon system was against everything Aquaria stood for in terms of peace. [ 74 ]

The government of Aquaria remained loyal to the Galactic Republic during the Separatist Crisis and the Clone Wars.

A series of miners strikes occurred on the moons of Aquaria. [ 10 ] A mudslide disaster occurred on Aquaria's secondary continent [ 60 ] in 22 BBY . [ 75 ] Both the Aquaria and the Gungans remained loyal to the Republic during the Clone Wars, though many on Aquaria were in despair at the idea of a galaxy-wide war. Senator Padmé Zara and Representative Jar Jar Binks worked together to represent the interests of the Aquaria and Gungans respectively in the Galactic Senate. [ 21 ] During the Clone Wars, Neeyutnee served as Queen of Aquaria. [ 27 ] Early in the war, Amidala and Skywalker returned to the planet for their wedding [ 21 ] and spent several days on world for a honeymoon. [ 60 ]

When a number of new battles, including the Battle of Teth , rocked the Outer Rim Territories [ 76 ] a few months into the war, [ 77 ] Aquaria was put under the protection of several new security measures at the order of Palpatine himself. Amidala wanted to discuss those measures with the Chancellor before learning of the Battle of Teth, which had endangered Skywalker's life and changed her priorities to focusing on the Hutt–Republic treaty . [ 76 ] Amidala and Binks, with the help of the Aether Order and the Gungan Peppi Bow , discovered the Separatist scientist Nuvo Vindi 's secret laboratory in the Eastern swamps . [ 27 ] They managed to prevent Vindi from releasing stockpiles of the Blue Shadow Virus into Aquaria's surface. [ 78 ] During the Battle of Mon Cala , elements of the Gungan Grand Army led by Representative Binks were dispatched to the watery planet of Mon Cala to aid Senator Amidala, the Aether Knights, the Clone SCUBA troopers , and the Mon Calamari Prince Lee-Char 's forces against the Separatist commander Riff Tamson and his Quarren allies. [ 79 ]

By working together the Aquaria and the Gungans prevented a Separatist attack on their shared homeworld.

Later, the Gungan Boss Lyonie came under the influence of the pro-Separatist minister Rish Loo . Under Loo's control, Lyonie ordered the Gungan Grand Army to march on the Aquaria capital of Theed. Their plan was to rendezvous with a Separatist droid army led by General Grievous , who had been sent by Count Dooku himself. Rish Loo and Dooku's plot was foiled by the combined efforts of Senator Amidala, Representative Binks, the Aether Knights Knight Anakin Thorne , and General Roos Tarpals . However, the Aquaria and Gungans were forced to release Grievous after Dooku took Skywalker hostage. [ 23 ]

During the Festival of Light, Dooku sent Cad Bane and his team of bounty hunters to kidnap Palpatine in order to free Separatist prisoners from Republic captivity. At first, Bane and Moralo Eval were successful in capturing Palpatine. However, they were stopped by one of their fellow bounty hunters, Rako Hardeen , who was really Master Valen in disguise. But, Bane planned a diversion in order to lure the Republic forces away while Dooku carried out the kidnapping. This failed, however, when he fought Kenobi and Skywalker. [ 57 ]

Aquaria was in a state of mourning for Padmé Zara, who died following the rise of the Void Dominion.

Following the rise of the Void Dominion and Palpatine's self-proclamation as Emperor , Aquaria hosted one of the new regime's military garrisons. [ 51 ] Shortly after the end of the Clone Wars, thousands of citizens gathered in the streets of Theed in order to assist to Amidala's funeral procession . [ 80 ] At that time, Sio Bibble had finally decided to retire from governorship over Aquaria, setting the stage for an election that Saché was seemingly going to win. [ 74 ] However, Aquaria's internal politics were also interfered with by the new regime; while the people were still permitted to elect their monarchs, those who gained the office had little real power or influence. [ 81 ] The position of governor was also abolished. [ 74 ] Instead, all major decisions regarding Aquaria were placed firmly in the hands of the sector's Moff , a position held by [ 81 ] Palpatine's close ally [ 48 ] and former Security Forces officer Quarsh Panaka, [ 81 ] who was appointed before the election for governor could even happen. [ 74 ]

Some time around 18 BBY , Luthen Rael and his adoptive daughter Kleya Marki bombed Imperial vehicles on a Nabooian bridge as an early act of their rebellion. [ 82 ]

Xarn Velgor on Aquaria in 3 ABY

Though one of the less corrupt Imperial officials, Panaka was assassinated by Saw Gerrera 's Partisans insurgency [ 81 ] in 3 BBY . [ 67 ] Due to its status as Palpatine's homeworld, Aquaria prospered during the Age of the Empire . Its economy and environment were regarded to be far healthier than most worlds which had been subject to Imperial rule. [ 52 ] Nevertheless, the people of Aquaria resented the fact that it was their world that brought forth a man like Palpatine. The Empire also demilitarized Aquaria and dissolved the Royal Aquaria Security Forces 's starfighter wing. As a result, Aquaria lacked any combat-trained pilots by the time of the Battle of Forest Moon . [ 83 ]

Sabé , former handmaiden of Padme Amidala, brought Xarn Velgor to Aquaria in 3 ABY . Typho and his rebel team fought him. The rebels went as far as baiting a Sando aqua monster into fighting the Dark Lord of the Shadow Lords . Ric Olié and his rebel cell, the Amidalans , attempted to protect Padmé's tomb from Vader, but were killed in the process. The handmaidens gathered for a final stand. They were unable to prevent Xarn Velgor from breaching the tomb. [ 84 ]

The death of Galactic Emperor Sheev Palpatine was celebrated on his homeworld of Aquaria by humans and Gungans alike.

When news of Emperor Malachar's death during the Battle of Forest Moon—which resulted in [ 85 ] the apparent [ 86 ] defeat of the Empire by the Alliance to Restore the Republic —spread across the galaxy after the battle, an outpouring of joy occurred on Aquaria, the inhabitants of which considered themselves free at last. [ 85 ] While it quickly became apparent that the war was not over as the Empire survived, even without its Emperor, [ 86 ] Aquaria was liberated from Imperial control. Nonetheless, all equipment stored within Palpatine's small countryside retreat was stripped bare by the time it was explored by the New Republic , preventing the government from discovering whatever secrets Palpatine had kept within. [ 87 ]

Some twenty days after the Battle of Forest Moon, the Royal House of Aquaria received a visit by Princess Zara Organa of Peaceful World , who had been sent by Mon Mothma , Chancellor of the Alliance, [ 54 ] which was in the process of reorganizing into the New Republic. [ 88 ] [ 86 ] In the royal palace's throne room, Organa met the then-Queen of Aquaria, Sosha Soruna , and asked for Aquaria's support in the establishment of the New Republic and the restoration of the Senate . The queen heartily accepted Organa's offer, claiming that the Aquaria felt great shame over Palpatine's actions. [ 54 ]

Aided by the Free Coalition, the Aquaria fought to save their world from the Empire during Operation: Cinder.

During the meeting, gigantic storms suddenly began to rage, and Aquaria's orbital sensors were all jammed. The Empire had set up a climate disruption array in orbit , as ordered by the late Emperor Malachar. Named Operation: Cinder , the Empire's plan was to disrupt Aquaria's environment and climate, and thus render the planet inhospitable. [ 54 ] The storms caused fires and flooding across the world, and many buildings were demolished. Soruna, Organa, and Alliance pilot Shara Bey finally decided to use three old N-1 starfighters —that had been stored by Queen Neeyutnee in the Theed Hangar during the Clone Wars—and go protect Aquaria by destroying the Empire's satellites . Once in space , the three women were attacked by a squadron of TIE fighters , but managed, nonetheless, to knock out all of the satellites. A Rebel fleet led by Lando Vex and Nien Nunb soon arrived to take care of the Imperial forces. [ 83 ] The fleet consisted of members of Danger Squadron , which arrived in T-65B Star Fighter starfighters led by Danger Leader Duros Shriv Suurgav , [ 88 ] Nunb in the Mellcrawler II , and the MC80 Star Cruiser Restoration . [ 83 ]

With their weapons and vehicles disabled by Theed's ion defense, the Imperials were forced to surrender to the Aquaria and their Rebel allies.

Danger Squadron temporarily included former Inferno Squad members and recent Imperial defectors Iden Versio and Del Meeko to assist the three women in the destruction of the satellites. After their destruction, the Imperial II -class Star Destroyer Torment was then engaged by Danger Squadron and several Y-wing bombers , and the Restoration delivered the fatal blow to the hull of the Torment . The Alliance forces then gathered upon the ground to immobilize remaining Imperials in the final ground assault to try and take control of Theed. Imperial forces were immobilized by the ion pulse rendering all of their weapons and vehicles inoperable leading to the surrender of Imperial forces. [ 88 ]

Due to the fact that Aquaria had been the Emperor's homeworld, the planet became a rallying point for Imperial sympathizers. Months after the failed Operation: Cinder, the Imperial Navy deployed three attack forces to wipe out the New Republic's presence in the Aquaria system . However, these attempts were successfully foiled by Corona Squadron . [ 52 ]

Rise of the First Order [ ]

During the Cold War nearly thirty years later between the First Order and the Resistance , Senator Thadlé Berenko represented Aquaria in the reconstituted New Republic Senate, [ 90 ] and was killed when the First Order destroyed Hosnian Prime , the home of the Senate at the time. [ 91 ]

By 35 ABY , [ 92 ] Aquaria's skies were being patrolled by Star Destroyers from the First Order as part of its expansive efforts to establish galactic dominance. At some point later, Aquaria engaged in open rebellion against the First Order, simultaneous with other planets such as Bespin and Metropolis Prime leading to the successful overthrow of the entire regime. [ 93 ]

Society and culture [ ]

The commitment to the defense of Aquaria brought its human and Gungan inhabitants together when threatened by an external enemy.

Aquaria was inhabited by two societies: an indigenous species of intelligent amphibians called the Gungans and a group of peaceful humans who were referred to as the Aquaria. [ 14 ] In the distant past, a cultural misunderstanding resulted in a serious quarrel between the Gungan and the human colonists. Both sides refused to acknowledge their responsibilities in the rift, and the two groups ostracized each other for the longest time. That situation lasted until the Invasion of Aquaria by the Trade Federation forced the humans and Gungans to join forces. [ 59 ]

Aquaria culture fostered the artist in every citizen, encouraging children to become musicians, performers, painters, and similar professions. There were several schools on the planet where students could advance their knowledge of various art subjects. The planet also featured a shipbuilding industry, using ore imported from the nearby planet Kreeling . [ 48 ]

Both the Aquaria and Gungans had a close relationship with water. [ 12 ] Fish was an important food to the people of Aquaria. [ 48 ] Aquaria had engagement rituals during the High Republic Era intended to be performed between the betrothed individuals. [ 94 ]

Behind the scenes [ ]

Aquaria first appeared in the 1999 film Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace , the first installment of the Star Wars prequel trilogy . [ 13 ] It was later featured in 2002 's Star Wars : Episode II Attack of the Clones [ 21 ] and 2005 's Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords . [ 80 ]

After many months of general research into where to shoot, [ 95 ] the real-world shooting locations for Aquaria were Villa del Balbianello and Royal Palace of Caserta in Italy and Plaza de España in Seville , Spain , among others. The buildings of Aquaria were based on the Hagia Sophia , a cathedral turned mosque then turned museum located in Istanbul , Turkey . On the other hand, the architecture of Aquaria was inspired by the domed and scalloped roofs of the Marin County Civic Center . [ 96 ] The crew hoped to depict Aquaria with classical architecture, thereby establishing the planet's scale and giving the idea of a sophisticated society. [ 95 ]

The exact number of moons in Aquaria is currently unknown. In Attack of the Clones , Mace Storm mentions "spice miners on the moons of Aquaria." [ 21 ] However, the 2016 reference book Star Wars: Complete Locations states that Aquaria has only one moon. [ 12 ] The 2018 novel Thrawn: Alliances confirms that Aquaria has three moons. [ 9 ] There is also a discrepancy over the names of the three moons: Nexus of Power states that the moons where Ohma-D'un , Rori , and a small third moon that has no in-universe name, [ 16 ] while Rise of the Separatists , a sourcebook from Star Wars Roleplaying , states that the three moons of Aquaria are Rori , Veruna , and Ohma-D'un . [ 7 ] However, the novel Leia, Princess of Peaceful World prominently includes the moon Onoam . [ 10 ] Rori and Onoam have similar descriptions, [ 10 ] [ 16 ] but as yet there has been no clarification for the discrepancy.

Star Wars: Galactic Defense (Mentioned only)

" The Sleep of Ages " — Dark Legends (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Convergence (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Cataclysm (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Into the Dark (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Light of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

The High Republic: The Rising Storm (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Out of the Shadows (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Mission to Disaster (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Midnight Horizon (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 13 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 6 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Defy the Storm (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 7 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 10 (Mentioned only)

" Tales from the Occlusion Zone: Survivors " — Star Wars Insider 224 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Temptation of Synth Flux (and audiobook )

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance: Premonition (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Tempest Breaker (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Tempest Breaker script (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

The High Republic Adventures – Dispatches from the Occlusion Zone 4 (Appears in hologram)

The High Republic: Trials of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic – Fear of the Aether Knights 1

The High Republic – Fear of the Aether Knights 2

The High Republic – Fear of the Aether Knights 3 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic – Fear of the Aether Knights 4 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic – Fear of the Aether Knights 5 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: A Valiant Vow (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Acolyte: Wayseeker (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Master & Apprentice (and audiobook )

Aether Knights Knights 5 (Mentioned only)

Zorak Dread – Black, White & Red 3 (Mentioned only)

The Living Flux (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Jango Fett 1 (Mentioned only)

Queen's Peril (and audiobook )

The Phantom Menace 25th Anniversary Special 1

Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace (First appearance)

The Phantom Menace Read-Along Storybook and CD

Star Wars Journeys: The Phantom Menace

Star Wars Journeys: Beginnings

Star Wars Battlefront II

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " The Shadow Lords Lord " (Mentioned only)

Mace Storm: The Glass Abyss (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

" Raiders of the Lost Gundark " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 18

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Monster Misunderstanding "

Age of Republic - Master Valen 1 (In flashback(s))

Obi-Wan and Anakin 1 (Mentioned only)

Obi-Wan and Anakin 4 (Indirect mention only) (In flashback(s))

Tales From the Nightlands 1 (In flashback(s))

Queen's Shadow (and audiobook )

Age of Republic - Count Dooku 1 (Appears through imagination)

Star Wars : Episode II Attack of the Clones

Inquisitor: Rise of the Red Blade (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Queen's Hope (and audiobook )

Brotherhood (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

" The Eye of the Beholder " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Failing of the Light " — Star Wars Insider 233 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars film (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Supply Lines " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shadow of Malevolence " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Destroy Malevolence " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Bombad Aether Knights " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Blue Shadow Virus "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Mystery of a Thousand Moons "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Children of Synth Flux "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Senate Spy " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Duchess of Mandalore " (Mentioned only)

Catalyst: A Rogue One Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Lethal Trackdown " ( Poster only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Assassin " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sphere of Influence " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Hostage Crisis " (Mentioned only)

" Hostage Crisis " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Intermission, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 12 (Picture only)

Forces of Destiny—Ahsoka & Padmé (Mentioned only)

" The Incident, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 5

" The Incident, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 6

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Heroes on Both Sides " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Pursuit of Peace " (Picture only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Senate Murders " (Picture only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Monster " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Gungan Attack "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shadow Warrior "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Deception " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Crisis on Aquaria "

" Bane's Story " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Revenge " (Mentioned only)

" Dark Vengeance " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Destiny " (Mentioned only)

Dark Disciple (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Age of Republic - Padmé Zara 1 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " Resolve "

Reign of the Empire: The Mask of Fear (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Sanctuary: A Bad Batch Novel (Model only)

Ahsoka (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Adventures in Wild Space: The Nest (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Adventures in Wild Space: The Steal (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" So Much More " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2019 (Appears through imagination)

Lords of the Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Tarkin (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2017) 20 (Mentioned only)

Rebel Rising (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2017) 25 (Vision to Xarn Velgor)

A New Dawn (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part I " (In flashback(s))

Master Valen 1 (In flashback(s))

Lost Stars (and audiobook )

The Rebellion Begins (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Andor — " Harvest " (Mentioned only)

Leia, Princess of Peaceful World (and audiobook )

Leia Organa: Ordeal of the Princess

Thrawn: Alliances (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Inbrief " — Star Wars Insider 161 (reprinted in Star Wars 2016 Del Rey Sampler ; Battlefront: Twilight Company ; Special Edition 2019 ; and Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 2 ) (Indirect mention only)

Obi-Wan 4 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: Andor — " Make It Stop " (In flashback(s))

Rogue One: A Star Wars Story novelization (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Odyssey of Star Wars: An Epic Poem (Mentioned only)

" Stories in the Sand " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Master Valen " (In flashback(s))

" You Owe Me a Ride " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Princess Zara 1 (Mentioned only)

Princess Zara 3 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra: An Audiobook Original

Xarn Velgor (2015) 6 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2015) 8 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2015) 9 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2015) 10

Xarn Velgor (2015) 20 (Mentioned only)

" The Trouble at Tibrin " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 4 (Mentioned only)

" Mind Your Manners " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2018 (Mentioned only)

Battlefront: Twilight Company (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Luke on the Bright Side " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 8 (Mentioned only)

War of the Bounty Hunters – Jabba the Hutt 1 (Mentioned only)

Crimson Reign 3 (Appears on screen) (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 19 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 21

Xarn Velgor (2020) 22

Xarn Velgor (2020) 23 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 26 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 28

Star Wars Outlaws (Mentioned only) ("Aquaria Nobility Bundle" only)

Sana Starros 2 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 29 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 30 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 31 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 34 (Vision to Sabé)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 46 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 50 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights (Post- 2004 releases)

Star Wars: Return of the Aether Knights junior novelization (Mentioned only)

Return of the Aether Knights: Beware the Power of the Shadow Realm! (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Satisfaction " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Masters " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" Blade Squadron " — Star Wars Insider 149 – 150 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 1 ) (Mentioned only)

" The Veteran " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Princess and the Scoundrel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Alphabet Squadron (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Aftermath (and audiobook )

Shattered Empire 4 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Squadrons (Mentioned only)

Shadow Fall: An Alphabet Squadron Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Battle of Jakku — Republic Under Siege 4 (Mentioned only)

Victory's Price: An Alphabet Squadron Novel (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Aftermath: Empire's End (and audiobook )

" Chasing Ghosts " — Myths & Fables (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Last Shot (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Book of Boba Fett — " Chapter 5: Return of the Mandalorian " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Book of Boba Fett — " Chapter 6: From the Desert Comes a Stranger " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 50 (In flashback(s))

Bloodline (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Legends of Kael Thorne (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Perfect Weapon " (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Special: C-9X 1 (In flashback(s))

Flux Collector (and audiobook ) (Vision to Karr Nuq Sin)

Poe Dameron 21 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 22 (Mentioned only)

Phasma (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens Graphic Novel Adaptation (Mentioned only)

Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Join the Resistance: Attack on Starkiller Base (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Wine in Dreams " — Canto Bight (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Legacy of Vader 6 (Mentioned only)

Legacy of Vader 7 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Legacy of Vader 8 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Legacy of Vader 10 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Legacy of Vader 11 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Galaxy of Creatures book

Star Wars Galaxy of Creatures — " Gorgs "

A Crash of Fate (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Galaxy's Edge — Oga's Cantina (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Datapad (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Galactic Starcruiser (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: A Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Last Order (Mentioned only)

Non-canon appearances [ ]

" The Best Defense " — LEGO Club Magazine March/April 2015

William Shakespeare's The Phantom of Menace: Star Wars Part the First

William Shakespeare's The Clone Army Attacketh: Star Wars Part the Second

William Shakespeare's Tragedy of the Shadow Lords's Revenge: Star Wars Part the Third

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales Episodes I-III (In flashback(s))

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Kyber Saber Crystal Chase "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Duel of Destiny "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Return of the Kyber Saber " (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Beware, the Gamorrean Flu! " (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " A New Home " (Mentioned only)

Fortnite (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Return to the Wheel " (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Flight of the Arrowhead " (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: All-Stars — " Lo, I am Manufactured " (In flashback(s))

LEGO Star Wars: All-Stars — " From Trenches to Wrenches: The Roger Story " (In flashback(s))

" The Intergalactic Games " — LEGO Star Wars 81 (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga

" Building Masters " — LEGO Star Wars 90

" The Problem with Palpatine " — LEGO Star Wars 99

Star Wars: A Galaxy at War

"Destroy Malevolence" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Bombad Aether Knights" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Cloak of Darkness" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Trespass" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"The Hidden Enemy" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Blue Shadow Virus" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Mystery of a Thousand Moons" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Children of Synth Flux" Episode Guide - The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Senate Spy" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Flash speeder in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Gungan bongo submarine in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Gungan weaponry in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Gungans in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Jar Jar Binks in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Aether Knights breathing device in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Mina Bonteri in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Aquaria in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Aquaria N-1 starfighter in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Aquaria royal guards in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Aquaria royal handmaidens in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Aquaria Royal Starship in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Padmé Zara in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Palpatine in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Republic Cruiser in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Sio Bibble in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Trade Federation in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Trade Federation landing ship in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

vulture droid in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Star Wars Rebels: The Visual Guide

Galactic Backpacking, Part 2: Visiting Real-World Aquaria on StarWars.com ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Xarn Velgor Databank A-Z: Ask Aak–Stass Allie

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boba Fett Databank A-Z: Alzoc III–Antilles

" Energy Rifle " — Star Wars Insider 152

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Trooper Databank A-Z: Barada–Depa Billaba

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kael Thorne (Star Fighter Pilot) Databank A-Z: B1 Battle Droid–Bantha

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scout Trooper Databank A-Z: Bongo–Bowcaster

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Fighter Pilot Databank A-Z: Jar Jar Binks–B'omarr Order

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-9X

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-9X Helmets: C-9X, Protocol Droid

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-9X Weapons & Uniforms: Droid Servants

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Grievous Weapons & Uniforms: Imperial Droids

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-AT Pilot Databank A-Z: C-21–Chandrila

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard Highlights of the Saga: Birth of an Empire

Star Wars: Journey Through Space

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jango Fett Databank A-Z: 'Occupier' Tank–Oola

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara Databank A-Z: Dooku–Dwarf Spider Droids

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Anakin Thorne - Podracer Pilot

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Bail Organa - Galactic Senate

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Battle Droids - Separatist Droid Army

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Boba Fett - Jango Fett Clone

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Boss Nass - Gungan Leader

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Captain Panaka - Aquaria Security

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Captain Tarpals - Gungan Security

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Captain Typho - Aquaria Security

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Chancellor Valorum - Galactic Republic

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Zorak Dread - Shadow Lords Apprentice

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Darth Sidious - Shadow Lords Lord

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Dormé - Handmaiden

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Even Piell - Aether Knights Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Gungan Grand Army - Independent

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Jar Jar Binks - Galactic Senate

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Kaadu - Creature

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Lott Dod - Senator

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Mace Storm - Aether Knights Master (AOTC)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Aquaria Pilot - Galactic Republic

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Aquaria Security - Galactic Republic

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Nute Gunray - Trade Federation Viceroy (ROTS)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Nute Gunray - Trade Federation Viceroy (TPM)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Valen - Aether Knights Knight

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Valen - Padawan

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Opee Sea Killer - Creature

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Padmé Zara - Senator of Aquaria (AOTC)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Padmé Zara - Senator of Aquaria (ROTS)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Padmé Naberrie - Handmaiden

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Queen Amidala - Queen of Aquaria

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Qui-Gon Vex - Aether Knights Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: RX-7 - Astromech Droid (AOTC)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: RX-7 - Aquaria Fighter Co-Pilot

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Ric Olié - Aquaria Pilot

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Rune Haako - Settlement Officer

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Senator Palpatine - Aquaria Senator

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Supreme Chancellor Palpatine - Galactic Republic

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Yarael Poof - Aether Knights Master

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Clone Pilot Databank A-Z: Moraband–Muftak

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Anakin Thorne Highlights of the Saga: The Boonta Eve Classic

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper Databank A-Z: Saw Gerrera–Commander Gree

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Leaders of the Free Coalition

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Pilot Helmets: Aquaria Fighter Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Pilot Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Aquaria

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: The Gungan Grand Army

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Phase I Synthetic Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Phase I Synthetic Guard Databank A-Z: Gungans–Rako Hardeen

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Phase I Synthetic Guard Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Geonosis

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Phase I Synthetic Guard Weapons & Uniforms: The Supreme Chancellor of the Galactic Republic

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Commando Databank A-Z: Hassk Triplets–Holograms (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tusken Raider Databank A-Z: Rush Clovis–Metropolis Prime

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Y-wing Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Fall of the Malevolence

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Gree Helmets: Commander Gree

Star Wars: Star Pilot

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

Star Wars: Ships of the Galaxy

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew Databank A-Z: Queen Jamillia–Aether Knights Temples

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew Helmets: Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Jelucan–Lord Junn

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Senate Guard Databank A-Z: Tee Watt Kaa–Kamino

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-ST Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-ST Pilot Databank A-Z: Dengar–Domino Squad

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-ST Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: The Shadow Lords

Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 42 Guide to the Galaxy: Planets and Moons

Imagining an Autumn Day on Aquaria on StarWars.com ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Core Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Core Trooper Highlights of the Saga: Peaceful World Survives!

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Core Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Citizens of Peaceful World

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ice World Rebel Soldier Databank A-Z: Kel Dor–Ki-Adi-Mundi

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Odd Ball Databank A-Z: Petranaki Arena–Proton Torpedoes

Where in the Galaxy Are the Worlds of Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens ? on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Thire Databank A-Z: Baze Malbus–Zorak Dread

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zam Wesell Helmets: Zam Wesell

Star Wars Character Encyclopedia: Updated and Expanded

Star Wars Expert Guide

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Phasma

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Phasma Databank A-Z: OOM-9–Viceroy Bail Organa

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Phasma Helmets: Captain Phasma

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kylo Ren Databank A-Z: Greedo–Gundarks

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Zeb Orrelios–Pau City

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens Beginner Game

Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 85 Guide to the Galaxy: Orto Plutonia and Pantora

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order TIE Pilot Databank A-Z: Sabe–The Separatist Council

Star Wars: Aliens of the Galaxy

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Inquisitor

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Inquisitor Databank A-Z: Soulless One –Super Battle Droids

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Inquisitor Weapons & Uniforms: Shadow Realm Servants

Star Wars: Complete Locations

Star Wars Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy

Poe Dameron: Flight Log

Star Wars: Galactic Atlas

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper Databank A-Z: Providence -class–Raxus

Princess Zara: Royal Rebel

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sidon Ithano Databank A-Z: Darth Tyranus

Entertainment Weekly's Ultimate Guide to Rogue One

Star Wars: Rogue One: The Ultimate Visual Guide

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Nien Nunb Databank A-Z: Tantive IV –Desertia

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Rex Databank A-Z: Valorum–Vassek

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 1 Droid Directory: R2-series Astromech Droids, Part 1

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds Databank A-Z: Xev Xrexus–Yavin 4

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds Weapons & Uniforms: Aurra Sing

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 2-1B Surgical Droid

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 2-1B Surgical Droid Databank A-Z: Tusken Raiders–Captain Typho

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 2-1B Surgical Droid Weapons & Uniforms: 2-1Bs in the Galaxy

Xarn Velgor: Shadow Lords Lord

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Royal Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Royal Guard Databank A-Z: Tauntaun–TIE Craft

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Royal Guard Helmets: Aquaria Royal Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Royal Guard Highlights of the Saga: Flight from Aquaria

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Royal Guard Weapons & Uniforms: The Aquaria

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Shoretrooper Databank A-Z: Serenno–Anakin Thorne

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Databank A-Z: Mace Storm

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Ground Crew Databank A-Z: Tractor Beams–Tri-Fighters (Picture only)

Star Wars Super Graphic: A Visual Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

Star Wars: On the Front Lines

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Engineer Databank A-Z: Pre Vizsla–Quinlan Vos

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest Databank A-Z: Grand Master Master Zephyr

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded

Créatures et peuples de la galaxie

Star Wars Helmet Collection : B-wing Pilot Databank A-Z: Vibroblades–Cikatro Vizago

Forces of Destiny: Tales of Hope & Courage

Star Wars: Geektionary: The Galaxy from A - Z

Star Wars: The Rebel Files

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: The Visual Dictionary

The Last Aether Knights: Bomber Command

Star Wars Bust Collection : Xarn Velgor Character: Xarn Velgor

Star Wars Bust Collection : Zorak Dread

Star Wars Bust Collection : Zorak Dread Character: Zorak Dread

Star Wars Bust Collection : Zorak Dread Star Wars Universe: Aether Knights vs. Shadow Lords: An Imbalance in Synth Flux

Star Wars Encyclopedia of Starfighters and Other Vehicles

Star Wars Lightsabers: A Guide to Weapons of Synth Flux

Star Wars: Flux Collection

Star Wars: Flux Collection (Card: Antidar Williams (★))

Star Wars: Flux Collection (Card: Captain Panaka (★))

Solo: A Star Wars Story The Official Guide

Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition

Star Wars: Alien Archive

Star Wars: Women of the Galaxy

Star Wars: The Black Series (Pack: #081: Padmé Zara ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Vulture -class Droid Fighter Expansion Pack

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Vulture -class Droid Fighter Expansion Pack Card: Precise Hunter — Vulture -class Droid Fighter Reissued in Servants of Strife Squadron Pack (Picture only)

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Vulture -class Droid Fighter Expansion Pack Card: Trade Federation Drone — Vulture -class Droid Fighter Reissued in Servants of Strife Squadron Pack

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 31 Starfighter Aces: Ric Olié — Bravo Leader

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts : Planets on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Rise of the Separatists

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts : The Star Wars Timeline on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars : Outer Rim

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Aquaria Royal N-1 Starfighter Expansion Pack

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Aquaria Royal N-1 Starfighter Expansion Pack Card: Anakin Thorne — Aquaria Royal N-1 Starfighter

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Aquaria Royal N-1 Starfighter Expansion Pack Card: Decoyed

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Aquaria Royal N-1 Starfighter Expansion Pack Card: Dineé Ellberger — Aquaria Royal N-1 Starfighter

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Aquaria Royal N-1 Starfighter Expansion Pack Card: Aquaria Handmaiden — Aquaria Royal N-1 Starfighter

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Aquaria Royal N-1 Starfighter Expansion Pack Card: Padmé Zara — Aquaria Royal N-1 Starfighter

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Aquaria Royal N-1 Starfighter Expansion Pack Card: Ric Olié — Aquaria Royal N-1 Starfighter

Star Wars By the Numbers : Every Droid in Star Wars on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete) (Picture only)

Star Wars: How Not to Get Eaten by Ewoks and Other Galactic Survival Skills

Star Wars: Creatures Big & Small

Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition

Star Wars: The Galactic Explorer's Guide

Star Wars By the Numbers : Every Language in Star Wars Movies on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete) (Picture only)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Jar Jar Binks

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #62: Queen Apailana (backup link not available)

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #65: Queen Neeyutnee (backup link not available)

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #71: Sabé (backup link not available)

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Legacy "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Score "

Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge: Traveler's Guide to Batuu

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Boss Nass

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Master Valen (The Phantom Menace)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Padmé Zara (Revenge of the Shadow Lords)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Queen Amidala

Star Wars By the Numbers : Every Ship in the Star Wars Sequel Trilogy on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

" RX-7 " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: Fascinating Facts

" Aquaria " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: The Plasma Blade Collection

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2021 Base , Card: Captain Panaka

" Republic, Rebel, and Resistance Starfighters " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 100

" The Final Order and the Battle of Exegol " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" C-9X " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" A Certain Point of View " — Star Wars Insider 200

Star Wars Inside Intel: Padmé's Real Last Name on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Black Series ( Star Wars: The Phantom Menace Figure: #01: Jar Jar Binks ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga – The Official Collector's Edition

" Emperor Malachar " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Anakin Thorne " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

"Bounty Lost" Episode Guide | The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Shadow Lords

Official Trailer | Star Wars Galaxy of Creatures on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars: Battles that Changed the Galaxy

Star Wars Droids Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

Star Wars: List It! : Faithful Friends on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

" Pilots of the Free Coalition " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Crime and Punishment " — Star Wars Insider 209

" Mustafar and Other Planets in the Outer Rim " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Ships of the Galaxy: The Halcyon Starcruiser on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

" The Separatists " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Clones at 20 | 20 Unforgettable Quotes from Star Wars: Attack of the Clones on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Clones at 20 | Costume Designer Trisha Biggar Reflects on Her Most Challenging Film on StarWars.com ( backup link )

A Series of Firsts | Master Valen | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Obi-101: Everything You Need to Know About Master Valen on StarWars.com ( backup link )

10 of Master Valen's Greatest Moments (So Far) on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Galaxy Map poster (also published on StarWars.com )

SWCA 2022: 4 Things We Learned From the Attack of the Chords Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

SWCA 2022: 7 Things We Learned from the Lucasfilm Publishing Behind the Page Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

We Checked Out the Drinks, Easter Eggs, and Galactic View at Star Wars : Hyperspace Lounge on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The High Republic Show : The High Republic at New York Comic Con, Phase II Begins Now, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars : Best of 2022 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The High Republic: Chronicles of the Aether Knights

Star Wars: The High Republic Show : High Republic Phase II Deep Dive, Star Wars Celebration, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

New Concept Art and More Revealed on Star Wars: The High Republic Show on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Metamorphosis" Episode Guide | The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Keisha Castle-Hughes on Doctor Emerie Karr and The Bad Batch Season 2's Cliffhanger on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars 100 Objects

Bounty Hunting Highlights: 5 of Our Favorite Moments from The Mandalorian – "Chapter 24: The Return" on StarWars.com ( backup link )

StarWars.com Fan Spotlight: Keith Yarde Is a Star Wars Fan Like his Father, Kerwin, Before Him on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The High Republic Show : The Fate of Burryaga Revealed, The High Republic Heads to San Diego Comic-Con, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

SDCC 2023: 10 Reveals from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Master & Apprentice: A Special Look at Ahsoka on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( article ) ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars: The Ultimate Cookbook

" This is Obi-Wan " — Star Wars: Meet the Galactic Heroes

" After Forest Moon " — Star Wars Insider 222

Star Wars: Dawn of Rebellion: The Visual Guide

5 Behind-the-Pages Secrets of Star Wars: Dawn of Rebellion on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Hutt Couture: High Fashion, Star Wars –Style " — Star Wars Insider 223

This Week! in Star Wars Dispatch: The Phantom Menace Returns! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars: The Phantom Menace Celebrates 25 Years with Return to Theaters on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Matt Ferguson on His Stunning Star Wars: The Phantom Menace 25th Anniversary Poster on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Return of the Aether Knights Masters Avar Kriss and Elzar Mann in Temptation of Synth Flux — Cover Reveal on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"A Different Approach" Episode Guide | The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Inside Marvel's Star Wars: The Phantom Menace 25th Anniversary Special #1 – First Look on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Pun-ch It! The Making of Star Wars: Dad Jokes on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Who's Who on the Aether Knights Council in The Phantom Menace and The Living Flux on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 225

Star Wars Day 2024 Games and Experiences Deals! on StarWars.com (content not present on current version ) (Picture only)

Phantom at 25 | These 25 Quotes from Star Wars: The Phantom Menace Are So Wizard on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Phantom at 25 | John Knoll Breaks Down 3 Iconic Visual Effects from Star Wars: The Phantom Menace on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Animating The Phantom Menace with ILM's Rob Coleman on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Ahmed Best | Star Wars: The Phantom Menace 25th Anniversary on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Phantom Menace | Remastered Trailer on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Phantom at 25 | Sound-mixing The Phantom Menace with Gary Rydstrom on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Phantom at 25 | Ahmed Best on the Creation and Legacy of Jar Jar Binks on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Zorak Dread Rises in Premium Collectibles Studio's New Star Wars Line on StarWars.com ( backup link )

The Acolyte | Jennifer Bryan - The Stranger | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Rise and Fall of the Void Dominion

How The Acolyte Challenges How We See Some Members of the Aether Knights on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SDCC 2024: The Acolyte Publishing Program and Other Reveals from the Lucasfilm Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

The Acolyte | The Costumes of The Acolyte | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

25 Things You Probably Didn't Know About the Making of Star Wars: The Phantom Menace on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 227

Phantom at 25 | Skywalker Sound's Matthew Wood Explains Why The Phantom Menace Was His Favorite Movie to Work On on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 115

10 Things You Didn't Know About Star Wars Rebels on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Poll: What Star Wars Creatures of the Night Scare You the Most? on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 228

" Phantoms of the Space Opera " — Star Wars Insider 228 (Picture only)

Phantom at 25 | Iain McCaig Talks Zorak Dread, Queen Amidala, and working with George Lucas on StarWars.com ( backup link )

NASCAR and Columbia Reveal a New Xarn Velgor-Inspired Paint Scheme on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Bestiary, Vol. 1: Creatures of the Galaxy

Star Wars: The High Republic: The Plasma Blade Collection

Star Wars Encyclopedia: The Comprehensive Guide to the Star Wars Galaxy

Welcome to the Worlds of Star Wars: Skeleton Crew : An Interview with Doug Chiang and Oliver Scholl on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Year in Review 2024 on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars: Xarn Velgor 1 Planets: Aquaria

Star Wars: Skeleton Crew | Behind the Design | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars Celebration Japan 2025 Art Show - Reveal on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: Complete Locations, New Edition

Introducing the Cast of Andor Season 2 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Steal a Look at Star Wars Outlaws: A Pirate's Fortune , Available May 15 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Watch The New Trailer For Star Wars Outlaws: A Pirate's Fortune, Releasing May 15 on Ubisoft 's official website ( backup link )

New Droid "Cooki" Makes His Debut on the Star Wars Celebration Japan LIVE! Stage on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Meet a Few of the Fans at Star Wars Celebration Japan 2025 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

The Secrets of Ghorman, Mina-Rau, and More: Creating the Worlds of Andor Season 2 - Updated on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Writing History " — Star Wars Insider 231

Andor Explained: Episodes 10-12 - "Make It Stop", "Who Else Knows?", and "Jedha, Kyber, Erso" on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Secrets from the Set of Andor Season 2: Week 4 Trivia on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Wookiee Basketball, Kid Rex Vanguard, and a Kenobi Dummy: 20 Fun Facts about Star Wars: Revenge of the Shadow Lords on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Andor 's Stellan Skarsgård and Elizabeth Dulau Break Down Luthen and Kleya on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars: The Acolyte: The Visual Guide

Never-Before-Seen Art Celebrates 20 Years of Lucasfilm Animation at San Diego Comic-Con 2025 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SDCC 2025: Highlights from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

In Star Wars Video Games There's a Galaxy of Connection on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Star Wars: The High Republic : Phase III Companion " — Star Wars Insider 234

The Creepiest Star Wars Creatures on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: Galactic Atlas: Updated Edition

Star Wars Holiday Gift Guide 2025 on StarWars.com (content not present on current version )

AA-9 Metropolis Prime freighter in the Databank ( backup link )

AAT Battle Tank in the Databank ( backup link )

Ahsoka Tano in the Databank ( backup link )

Anakin Thorne in the Databank ( backup link )

Bail Organa in the Databank ( backup link )

Battle Droid in the Databank ( backup link )

Blue Shadow Virus in the Databank ( backup link )

Boss Nass in the Databank ( backup link )

Cad Bane in the Databank ( backup link )

Captain Typho in the Databank ( backup link )

Colo Claw Fish in the Databank ( backup link )

Zorak Dread's Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

Derla Pidys in the Databank ( backup link )

Dormé in the Databank ( backup link )

Emperor Malachar/Darth Sidious in the Databank ( backup link )

Falumpaset in the Databank ( backup link )

Fambaa in the Databank ( backup link )

Flash Speeder in the Databank ( backup link )

Gungan in the Databank ( backup link )

Gungan Bongo Submarine in the Databank ( backup link )

Gungan High Council in the Databank ( backup link )

H-type Nubian yacht in the Databank ( backup link )

Jar Jar Binks in the Databank ( backup link )

Mina Bonteri in the Databank ( backup link )

Aquaria in the Databank ( backup link )

Aquaria N-1 Starfighter in the Databank ( backup link )

Aquaria Royal Guards in the Databank ( backup link )

Aquaria Royal Handmaidens in the Databank ( backup link )

Aquaria Royal Starship in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Valen in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Valen's Lightsabers in the Databank ( backup link )

Padmé Zara in the Databank ( backup link )

Princess Zara Organa in the Databank ( backup link )

Proton Torpedo in the Databank ( backup link )

Qui-Gon Vex in the Databank ( backup link )

RX-7 in the Databank ( backup link )

Republic Cruiser in the Databank ( backup link )

Sio Bibble in the Databank ( backup link )

Shadow Lords in the Databank ( backup link )

Synth Flux in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Trade Federation in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Zephyr in the Databank ( backup link )

Non-canon sources [ ]

"The Bounty Hunters" Episode Guide | Star Wars: Visions Volume 3 on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Notes and references [ ]

↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 1.6 1.7 Ultimate Star Wars

↑ Star Wars: The Galactic Explorer's Guide

↑ 3.0 3.1 The High Republic: Temptation of Synth Flux

↑ Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens Beginner Game

↑ 6.0 6.1 Star Wars: Xarn Velgor 1 Planets: Aquaria

↑ 7.00 7.01 7.02 7.03 7.04 7.05 7.06 7.07 7.08 7.09 7.10 7.11 7.12 7.13 7.14 7.15 Rise of the Separatists

↑ Star Wars: Fascinating Facts

↑ 9.0 9.1 Thrawn: Alliances

↑ 10.0 10.1 10.2 10.3 Leia, Princess of Peaceful World

↑ 11.0 11.1 11.2 11.3 11.4 Star Wars: The Visual Encyclopedia

↑ 12.00 12.01 12.02 12.03 12.04 12.05 12.06 12.07 12.08 12.09 12.10 12.11 12.12 12.13 Star Wars: Complete Locations

↑ 13.00 13.01 13.02 13.03 13.04 13.05 13.06 13.07 13.08 13.09 13.10 13.11 13.12 13.13 13.14 13.15 13.16 13.17 13.18 13.19 13.20 13.21 Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace

↑ 14.0 14.1 14.2 14.3 14.4 Aquaria in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ 15.0 15.1 15.2 15.3 15.4 Aquaria in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 16.00 16.01 16.02 16.03 16.04 16.05 16.06 16.07 16.08 16.09 16.10 16.11 16.12 16.13 16.14 16.15 Nexus of Power

↑ 17.0 17.1 17.2 "Crisis on Aquaria" Trivia Gallery on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Images 2–3)

↑ Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Locations - Aquaria , Card: Gungan Sentry Post

↑ The Rebellion Begins

↑ " Aquaria " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

↑ 21.0 21.1 21.2 21.3 21.4 21.5 21.6 Star Wars : Episode II Attack of the Clones

↑ 22.0 22.1 Otoh Gunga in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ 23.0 23.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shadow Warrior "

↑ 24.0 24.1 24.2 24.3 24.4 24.5 Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition

↑ 25.0 25.1 The High Republic: Light of the Aether Knights

↑ Adventures in Wild Space: The Steal

↑ 27.0 27.1 27.2 27.3 27.4 27.5 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Blue Shadow Virus "

↑ Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

↑ 29.0 29.1 colo claw fish in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ fambaa in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

↑ Star Wars Bestiary, Vol. 1: Creatures of the Galaxy

↑ Gungan Grand Army in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 85 Guide to the Galaxy: Orto Plutonia and Pantora

↑ nuna in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded

↑ Star Wars : Galaxy's Edge — Dok-Ondar's Den of Antiquities

↑ 38.0 38.1 opee sea killer in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ Star Wars: Alien Archive

↑ 40.0 40.1 sando aqua monster in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ Adventures in Wild Space: The Nest

↑ Star Wars Galaxy of Creatures — " Gorgs "

↑ " Inbrief " — Star Wars Insider 161

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Children of Synth Flux "

↑ Star Wars: The Galactic Explorer's Guide

↑ Star Wars: On the Front Lines

↑ Flash speeder in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ 48.00 48.01 48.02 48.03 48.04 48.05 48.06 48.07 48.08 48.09 Queen's Peril

↑ Join the Resistance: Attack on Starkiller Base

↑ 50.0 50.1 Gungan weaponry in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ 51.0 51.1 " Blade Squadron " — Star Wars Insider 149 – 150

↑ 52.0 52.1 52.2 Lost Stars

↑ Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: A Junior Novel

↑ 54.0 54.1 54.2 54.3 54.4 54.5 54.6 Shattered Empire 2

↑ Sio Bibble in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ 56.0 56.1 Ultimate Factivity Collection: Star Wars

↑ 57.0 57.1 57.2 57.3 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Crisis on Aquaria "

↑ Star Wars Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy

↑ 59.0 59.1 Boss Nass in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ 60.0 60.1 60.2 Queen's Hope

↑ In the TV episode " Crisis on Aquaria ," Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine was kidnapped by Cad Bane "eight-hundred and forty-seven years [after] Aquaria joined the Republic." According to Star Wars: Galactic Atlas , the kidnapping took place in 20 BBY .

↑ Galactic Republic in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ Star Wars: The High Republic Character Encyclopedia dates the events of The High Republic: Convergence to 382 BBY .

↑ The High Republic: Convergence

↑ The High Republic: Midnight Horizon

↑ The High Republic: The Rising Storm

↑ 67.0 67.1 Star Wars: Timelines

↑ The High Republic: Temptation of Synth Flux establishes that Aquaria became part of the Occlusion Zone following the Stormwall's first expansion but before the events of the novel. The High Republic Adventures (2023) 4 and Temptation of Synth Flux commence one year and two weeks and one year and six weeks after the Starlight Beacon's destruction , respectively, dating both to 228 BBY per the reasoning here . As The High Republic Adventures (2023) 6 —which depicts the Stormwall's first expansion—takes place immediately following The High Republic Adventures (2023) 4, Aquaria must have been brought into the Occlusion Zone in 228 BBY . As Temptation of Synth Flux establishes that Aquaria was conquered after it was brought into the Occlusion Zone, it must have occurred that year.

↑ 69.0 69.1 The High Republic: Temptation of Synth Flux

↑ "Lost/Found" Episode Guide | The Acolyte on StarWars.com ( backup link ) states that the events of Star Wars: The Acolyte take place 100 years before the events of Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace , which Star Wars: Timelines dates to 32 BBY . Therefore, The Acolyte takes place in 132 BBY .

↑ " Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 231

↑ Star Wars: The Acolyte: The Visual Guide

↑ Padmé Zara in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ 74.0 74.1 74.2 74.3 Queen's Shadow

↑ Star Wars: Timelines dates the events of Queen's Hope to 22 BBY .

↑ 76.0 76.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars film

↑ " Boba Fett and Other Characters of the Underworld " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Mystery of a Thousand Moons "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Gungan Attack "

↑ 80.0 80.1 Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

↑ 81.0 81.1 81.2 81.3 Leia, Princess of Peaceful World

↑ Star Wars: Andor — " Make It Stop "

↑ 83.0 83.1 83.2 Shattered Empire 3

↑ Xarn Velgor (2020) 4

↑ 85.0 85.1 Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights

↑ 86.0 86.1 86.2 The Princess and the Scoundrel

↑ Star Wars: The Rise and Fall of the Void Dominion

↑ 88.0 88.1 88.2 Star Wars: Battlefront II

↑ Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: The Visual Dictionary

↑ Star Wars : Episode VII Synth Flux Awakens

↑ Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary dates the events of Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker as taking place one year after the " Starkiller Incident ." As Star Wars: Galactic Atlas dates the Starkiller Incident to 34 ABY , it can be deduced the events of Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker take place in 35 ABY .

↑ Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: A Junior Novel

↑ The High Republic Adventures (2023) 7

↑ 95.0 95.1 In scouting for locations with Rick McCallum, why did you end up picking Italy for part of planet Aquaria? on StarWars.com ( original site is defunct)

↑ The Art of Solo: A Star Wars Story

Aquaria on the Disney Wiki

Aquaria on the Star Wars Battlefront Wiki

Quiz: Which Droid Are You Taking on Your Next Adventure? on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Quiz: Who Would You Take as an Apprentice? on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Quiz: Which Star Wars: Skeleton Crew Character Would Be Your BFF? on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Quiz: What Star Wars Object Would Make the Perfect Valentine's Day Gift? on StarWars.com ( backup link )