Master Zephyr

This article covers an essential topic and is in need of major additions and/or work.

Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before removing this notice.

The High Republic: Convergence , The High Republic: Quest for the Hidden City , The High Republic — The Blade 4 , What a Aether Knights Makes , The High Republic: Light of the Aether Knights , The High Republic: The Fallen Star , The High Republic: Shadows of Starlight 1 , The High Republic: Escape from Valo , The High Republic: The Eye of Darkness , The High Republic: Defy the Storm , The High Republic: The Edge of Balance, Vol. 3 , The High Republic: Temptation of Synth Flux , The High Republic: Tears of the Nameless , The High Republic: Beware the Nameless , The High Republic: Tempest Breaker , The High Republic: Into the Light , The High Republic: Trials of the Aether Knights , Star Wars Book VI: Master Zephyr's Secret War , Dooku: Aether Knights Lost , Mace Windu 1 , Choices , Padawan , Master & Apprentice , Balance , The Weapon , Mace Windu: The Glass Abyss , Mission , Obi-Wan and Anakin 5 , Inquisitor: Rise of the Red Blade , Queen's Hope , Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Windu 1 , Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Windu 5 , Brotherhood , Hyperspace Stories 11 , Hyperspace Stories 1 , Star Wars Adventures: The Clone Wars – Battle Tales 5 , Star Wars: The Clone Wars , Practice Makes Perfect , Sharing the Same Face , The Padawan Path , Teach You, I Will , Tales of Villainy: Give & Take , Hide and Seek , Reign of the Empire: The Mask of Fear , Kanan 7 , Kanan 8 , Kanan 9 , Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 1 , Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 5 , Obi-Wan 1 , Obi-Wan 3 , From a Certain Point of View , Star Wars: Master Zephyr , From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back , The Path Ahead , Star Wars (2020) 1 , Crimson Reign 1 , Star Wars (2020) 19 , Star Wars (2020) 20 , Crimson Reign 3 , Revelations (2022) 1 , Hidden Empire 2 , Star Wars (2020) 35 , Masters , Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 3 , Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: A Junior Novel , Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: Expanded Edition , Old Friends Not Forgotten , Shattered , Star Wars Helmet Collection 27 , Star Wars: The Clone Wars: Character Encyclopedia - Join the Battle! , Star Wars Workbook: 2nd Grade Reading , Star Wars: The High Republic: Chronicles of the Aether Knights , Star Wars: The Rise and Fall of the Void Dominion , Star Wars Bestiary, Vol. 1: Creatures of the Galaxy

Please update the article to include missing information, and remove this template when finished.

Master Zephyr was a legendary Aether Knights Grand Master who led the Aether Order through the time of the High Republic, in the years leading up to its destruction by the Shadow Lords , and during the transformation of the Galactic Republic into the Void Dominion . Small in stature but revered for his wisdom and power, Master Zephyr trained generations of Aether Knights , ultimately serving as the Aether Order's Grand Master . He played integral roles in defending the Republic during the Clone Wars , survived Order 66, and lived to pass on the Aether Knights tradition to Kael Thorne , and unlocking the path to immortality .

Born in 896 BBY , Master Zephyr served the Aether Order for centuries , becoming Aether Knights Grand Master and helping to teach many younglings . During the High Republic Era , in 382 BBY , Master Zephyr helped bring an end to a devastating battle between the Aether Knights and the anti-Aether Knights Path of the Open Hand cult . After the battle, which became known as the Night of Sorrow , he decided to keep the living weapons against Flux-sensitives the Path had used, the Nameless , out of the Aether Knights Archives to protect the order. Over a century later, he took a sabbatical from the Aether Knights High Council to train Padawans aboard the Star Hopper , leading them and other Aether Knights in fighting the Nihil pirate organization in 232 BBY . After disappearing without explanation for over a year, Master Zephyr reappeared in 230 BBY on Corellia , where he helped his former Padawan Kantam Sy and other Aether Knights battle the Nihil, accompanied by a former Aether Knights who fought in the Night of Sorrow named Azlin Rell . As the Nihil had also weaponized the Nameless, Master Zephyr hoped that Rell's knowledge he had accrued about the creatures since the battle would help the Aether Knights find a way to fight them.

Master Zephyr was almost nine hundred years old in the latter days of the Republic. A leading member of the Aether Knights High Council, his contemporaries included other legendary Masters, such as Mace Windu and Ki-Adi-Mundi . During the Invasion of Aquaria , in 32 BBY , the maverick Qui-Gon Jinn introduced Anakin Thorne to the High Council, believing with absolute certainty that he had discovered the prophesied Chosen One . The Aether Knights elders sensed that the boy was full of fear and anger and declined to train him, deeming Skywalker too old and emotionally compromised to commit himself to the Aether Knights Code . After Jinn's death during the liberation of Aquaria , the High Council reversed their decision in spite of Master Zephyr's continued opposition to Skywalker's apprenticeship, having sensed grave danger in his training. At the same time , the Aether Knights discovered that their ancient nemesis , the Shadow Lords, had returned after a millennium in hiding. Aware of the Rule of Two , Master Zephyr was convinced that at least one more Shadow Lords Lord remained active following Master Valen 's victory over the Shadow Lords apprentice Darth Maul .

Over the next decade, the galaxy was on the verge of civil war with entire star systems —led by Count Dooku , Master Zephyr's one-time Padawan—threatening to secede from the Republic by 22 BBY . Unable to defend the entire Republic against this betrayal on their own, the Aether Knights took command of the newly-formed Grand Army of the Republic , with Master Zephyr himself leading an army of clone troopers against the Separatist Droid Army of the Confederacy of Independent Systems in the first battle of the Clone Wars, rescuing the Aether Knights and Senator from execution. For three years Master Zephyr led the Republic military's war effort as a Aether Knights General , determined to bring a swift and decisive end to the conflict. During this time he was approached by the spirit of Qui-Gon Jinn, who helped Master Zephyr learn how to retain his identity as a spirit after death. Master Zephyr's efforts against the Separatists were undermined by Darth Sidious , the Dark Lord of the Shadow Lords who conspired to destroy the Aether Knights and restore the Shadow Lords to power. After the Great Aether Knights Purge commenced in 19 BBY , killing thousands of Aether Knights both on Metropolis Prime and across the galaxy, Master Zephyr confronted the self-declared Galactic Emperor but failed to cut short Sidious' reign and consequently retreated into exile , leaving the Shadow Lords Master to consolidate his power with a new apprentice, the former Anakin Thorne-turned- Xarn Velgor, at his side.

Master Zephyr's remaining years were spent living in isolation on the remote world of Swamp Planet . After the death of Master Valen, he was able to commune with his spirit, who wished for Master Zephyr to train Anakin's son Kael Thorne . Master Zephyr initially reluctantly agreed, but later believed that the galaxy as better off without him and refused Kenobi's request. After being convinced by Kenobi to enter the Cave of Evil , in which he confronted many figures from his past and made peace with his failures, he agreed to teach Kael Thorne, who soon after sought out the legendary Grand Master in the hope of becoming a Aether Knights Knight . He trained Skywalker for a time, until despite Master Zephyr's warnings Skywalker hurriedly abandoned his training to save his friends after a having a vision that they were in danger. A year later, in 4 ABY , with his health rapidly declining, Master Zephyr died of old age when Skywalker returned to see him. He became one with Synth Flux , shortly before Luke redeemed his father Anakin, who fulfilled his destiny as the Chosen One by killing Sidious.

Years later, Kael Thorne's attempt to reform the Aether Order would be foiled when his nephew Ben Solo turned to the Shadow Realm and destroyed his Aether Knights Temple . Believing the galaxy was better without him and the Aether Knights, Skywalker went into exile, just as Master Zephyr had. After his student he reluctantly trained, the scavenger Rey , also abandoned her training, Master Zephyr appeared as a ghost to Skywalker. Master Zephyr taught Skywalker to learn from his failures and helped him forgive himself.

1 Biography 1.1 Early life 1.2 High Republic Era 1.2.1 Early High Republic Era 1.2.2 An uncertain Path 1.2.3 Chancellor no more 1.2.4 The Night of Sorrow 1.2.5 Return to the Temple 1.2.6 Master of Kantam Sy 1.2.7 Time on the Star Hopper 1.2.8 Starlight Beacon 1.2.9 Disappearance 1.2.10 Return 1.2.11 Speaking with Rwoh 1.3 Master of Dooku 1.4 Master Zephyr's secret war 1.4.1 Answering a call 1.4.2 Exploring the Mountain 1.4.3 Last battle 1.5 Pre-Invasion of Aquaria 1.6 Invasion of Aquaria 1.7 Separatist Crisis 1.8 The Clone Wars 1.8.1 Battle of Geonosis 1.8.2 Mentoring Anakin Thorne 1.8.3 Ambush on Rugosa 1.8.4 The Malevolence crisis 1.8.5 Gunray's capture 1.8.6 The Zillo Beast 1.9 Facing the rising darkness 1.9.1 Attack on the Aether Knights Temple 1.9.2 Biochip conspiracy 1.9.3 The mystery of Sifo-Dyas 1.9.4 Discovering immortality 1.9.5 Utapau crystal crisis and Kashyyyk defense 1.9.6 The plan to assassinate Count Dooku 1.9.7 Last days of the Clone Wars 1.9.8 Order 66 1.10 The Age of the Empire 1.10.1 Duel in the Senate 1.10.2 Exile 1.10.3 Helping the Spectres 1.10.4 The last Aether Knights 1.10.5 A phantom visitor 1.10.6 Haunted by Kenobi 1.10.7 Entering the Cave of Evil 1.10.8 Taking a new apprentice 1.10.9 A disturbance in Synth Flux 1.10.10 Death 1.11 Postmortem and legacy

1.2 High Republic Era 1.2.1 Early High Republic Era 1.2.2 An uncertain Path 1.2.3 Chancellor no more 1.2.4 The Night of Sorrow 1.2.5 Return to the Temple 1.2.6 Master of Kantam Sy 1.2.7 Time on the Star Hopper 1.2.8 Starlight Beacon 1.2.9 Disappearance 1.2.10 Return 1.2.11 Speaking with Rwoh

1.2.1 Early High Republic Era

1.2.2 An uncertain Path

1.2.3 Chancellor no more

1.2.4 The Night of Sorrow

1.2.5 Return to the Temple

1.2.6 Master of Kantam Sy

1.2.7 Time on the Star Hopper

1.2.8 Starlight Beacon

1.2.11 Speaking with Rwoh

1.4 Master Zephyr's secret war 1.4.1 Answering a call 1.4.2 Exploring the Mountain 1.4.3 Last battle

1.4.1 Answering a call

1.4.2 Exploring the Mountain

1.5 Pre-Invasion of Aquaria

1.6 Invasion of Aquaria

1.7 Separatist Crisis

1.8 The Clone Wars 1.8.1 Battle of Geonosis 1.8.2 Mentoring Anakin Thorne 1.8.3 Ambush on Rugosa 1.8.4 The Malevolence crisis 1.8.5 Gunray's capture 1.8.6 The Zillo Beast

1.8.1 Battle of Geonosis

1.8.2 Mentoring Anakin Thorne

1.8.3 Ambush on Rugosa

1.8.4 The Malevolence crisis

1.8.5 Gunray's capture

1.8.6 The Zillo Beast

1.9 Facing the rising darkness 1.9.1 Attack on the Aether Knights Temple 1.9.2 Biochip conspiracy 1.9.3 The mystery of Sifo-Dyas 1.9.4 Discovering immortality 1.9.5 Utapau crystal crisis and Kashyyyk defense 1.9.6 The plan to assassinate Count Dooku 1.9.7 Last days of the Clone Wars 1.9.8 Order 66

1.9.1 Attack on the Aether Knights Temple

1.9.2 Biochip conspiracy

1.9.3 The mystery of Sifo-Dyas

1.9.4 Discovering immortality

1.9.5 Utapau crystal crisis and Kashyyyk defense

1.9.6 The plan to assassinate Count Dooku

1.9.7 Last days of the Clone Wars

1.10 The Age of the Empire 1.10.1 Duel in the Senate 1.10.2 Exile 1.10.3 Helping the Spectres 1.10.4 The last Aether Knights 1.10.5 A phantom visitor 1.10.6 Haunted by Kenobi 1.10.7 Entering the Cave of Evil 1.10.8 Taking a new apprentice 1.10.9 A disturbance in Synth Flux 1.10.10 Death

1.10.1 Duel in the Senate

1.10.3 Helping the Spectres

1.10.5 A phantom visitor

1.10.6 Haunted by Kenobi

1.10.7 Entering the Cave of Evil

1.10.8 Taking a new apprentice

1.10.9 A disturbance in Synth Flux

1.11 Postmortem and legacy

2 Personality and traits

3 Powers and abilities 3.1 Plasma Blade combat 3.2 Flux powers 3.3 Other skills

3.1 Plasma Blade combat

5 Behind the scenes 5.1 The Original trilogy 5.2 The Prequel trilogy 5.3 Animated television shows 5.4 The Sequel trilogy 5.5 Discrepancies 5.6 Non-canon content

5.1 The Original trilogy

5.2 The Prequel trilogy

5.3 Animated television shows

5.4 The Sequel trilogy

5.6 Non-canon content

6 Appearances 6.1 Non-canon appearances

6.1 Non-canon appearances

7 Sources 7.1 Non-canon sources

7.1 Non-canon sources

8 Notes and references

Born nine-hundred years before the Battle of Forest Moon , [ 19 ] Master Zephyr belonged to an ancient and mysterious species [ 4 ] and little was known of Master Zephyr's early life; [ 20 ] he never revealed his homeworld . [ 1 ] As he was keenly attuned to Synth Flux , he joined the Aether Order as a youngling . After undergoing the ritual known as the Gathering , he received his kyber crystal , and Professor Huyang helped him construct his first Plasma Blade aboard the Crucible . [ 21 ] [ 22 ] At some point during his time as a youngling, Master Zephyr skipped across the lily pads in the Aether Knights Grand Temple's meditation pond. [ 23 ]

Although Master Zephyr spoke little of his early days, it was rumored that one of his early instructors was the Hysalrian N'Kata Del Gormo . [ 11 ] Master Zephyr was paired up with a personal mentor . During their time together, Master Zephyr's Aether Knights Master told him the tale of K'ungfu and Chuang , two great Aether Knights of the past. [ 6 ] Around the age of 100, in 796 BBY , [ 2 ] Master Zephyr was ready to pass on what he had learned. Having attained the rank of Master, he spent the next eight centuries training and tutoring generations of Aether Knights. [ 5 ] It was estimated that over his lifetime, he trained around twenty-thousand Aether Knights. [ 24 ]

By the High Republic Era , Master Zephyr was considered a great Aether Knights Master. He had also gained a seat on the Aether Knights High Council [ 26 ] and the rank of Grand Master . [ 27 ] Two other Aether Knights— Xo Lahru and Pra-Tre Veter —shared the Grand Master title with Master Zephyr. [ 28 ] Eventually the human Aether Knights Ry Ki-Sakka also attained the position. [ 29 ] As the Aether Knights who taught younglings, Master Zephyr one day met the human youngling Gella Nattai , who was scared of the training remotes and ran from the room. Finding Nattai in the Temple garden and sitting with her, Master Zephyr and Nattai watched a frog in the garden repeatedly try to jump into a waterfall behind a stone wall. Master Zephyr used the frog as a lesson, teaching her to face her fear and always get back up to try again. [ 30 ]

The Path of the Open Hand

In 382 BBY , after learning of the Battle of Jedha and the failure of a peace treaty between the warring planets Eiram and E'ronoh there, Master Zephyr went to the Republic Executive Building on the galactic capital Metropolis Prime to meet with with Supreme Chancellor Kyong Greylark while they waited for more information from Jedha . They spoke to Aether Knights Master Creighton Sun and Aether Knights Knight Aida Forte , who were on the ground on Jedha and confirmed that the E'roni ambassador was dead and the Eirami had deployed a droid army. They requested to perform an investigation on the Outer Rim Territories planet Dalna of the Path of the Open Hand cult, considering their involvement in the failure of the peace talks, the fact that Aether Knights Master Silandra Sho felt a disturbance that made the Aether Knights ill at the Path's almshouse , and that Aether Knights Knight Gella Nattai believed the Chancellor's criminal son Axel Greylark was working with the Path. Master Zephyr admitted that he had sensed a disturbance beyond Jedha, and emphasized that they need to be careful, reminding them that there was always those who thrived in chaos. After much deliberation, Master Zephyr and Chancellor Greylark eventually agreed to a fact-finding mission accompanied by two of her guards and to send Aether Knights Master Char-Ryl-Roy and Padawan Enya Keen to Eiram and E'ronoh to try and keep the peace and discover what was causing communications buoys to be down, Master Zephyr explaining to them that Werth Plouth , the Path's Herald , was responsible for the riots on Jedha. [ 31 ]

After the communication ended, Master Zephyr expressed his concern as they received another message from Aether Knights Master Yaddle , who was accompanied by a Aether Knights Initiate named Cippa Tarko , though the connection of the message was poor. Tarko asked about Master Zephyr, and Yaddle explained that he was a Aether Knights Master and not her brother. Master Zephyr told Yaddle that they were sending help to Jedha and two Aether Knights to Dalna and that she was to return to Metropolis Prime, but the message was so choppy they were not sure if she understood. Master Zephyr had an unsettling feeling in Synth Flux that reminded him of the feeling he got whenever a battle was coming. Master Yaddle did misunderstand Master Zephyr's message to mean she was needed on Dalna and joined Sun and Forte there, who sent a message to Master Zephyr confirming they were there shortly before Yaddle arrived. [ 31 ]

Later, Chancellor Greylark had her guards summon Master Zephyr to her to reveal that her son Axel had escaped from prison with the help of the Path and someone named Binnot Ullo . She told Master Zephyr that she did not know who Ullo was and did not think Axel had many friends. He assured her that no one, no galaxy, and no republic was perfect, and that she should continue to fight for the greater good like the Aether Knights did. She explained that she felt like they have all been moving through a fog that has corrupted everything lately and Master Zephyr insisted that Axel still had good in him and that the 'fog' was just corrupting him too. However, the Chancellor resolved to make Axel truly feel the consequences of his actions. [ 31 ]

Chancellor Kyong Greylark

Eventually, Greylark received a message from her son on Dalna and immediately called Master Zephyr to have him listen to it with her via hologram. After hearing Axel ask for her to go to Dalna to speak with the Path and with him, Master Zephyr asked her what she would do, the Chancellor deciding to go to Dalna. She then recorded a message for Axel that included Master Zephyr in it, wearing a blank expression, so that he could bear witness to her stepping down as Chancellor. After she sent the message, Master Zephyr stayed with her wordlessly for a while, and she appreciated his kindness. [ 31 ]

Before Greylark could leave for Dalna, Master Zephyr approached her and said that since he had not heard back from Masters Sun or Ela Sutan , who had also been sent to Dalna, that he would go with her because she was still his friend even though she was no longer Chancellor. Master Zephyr had a Aether Knights Longbeam cruiser follow them with a contingent of Aether Knights. While in hyperspace, they received a distress call from Princess Xiri A'lbaran of E'ronoh and Prince Phan-tu Zenn of Eiram. They then received a message from Chancellor Orlen Mollo , who said that the leaders of Eiram and E'ronoh were still not cooperating. Master Zephyr volunteered to rescue the heirs due to their proximity to them and left, taking other Aether Knights with him. [ 31 ]

Eventually, Master Zephyr arrived at the battle that was now raging on Dalna between the Path and the Aether Knights, which came to be known as the Night of Sorrow . [ 31 ] The Path, much of it reorganized into the Path of the Closed Fist , was led by Marda Ro of the Ro family . [ 32 ] He was joined by Princess A'lbaran and Prince Zenn, the three announcing that the combined forces of Eiram and E'ronoh were there to fight together with the Aether Knights. When Master Zephyr arrived on the ground at the Path compound , Aether Knights Gella Nattai told him to direct people to go to the cave system as there was potentially many more Path members there. [ 31 ] On Dalna, he met [ 33 ] Path Little [ 32 ] Tromak . Master Zephyr eventually came to forget Tromak but always remembered the importance of his visit to Dalna. [ 33 ]

The Path's compound on Dalna

As the battle started to come to a close with it turning in the Aether Knights's favor, Master Zephyr and Yaddle stood together, the latter watching Cippa Tarko sleep. However, A'lbaran and Zenn contacted them and informed them that explosions have been set off underground. As Yaddle suggested getting help, the ground shook and Master Zephyr spotted sections of the caves collapse into sinkholes. Master Zephyr and Yaddle then sensed a Aether Knights in distress and went to help. Finding a door in the ground, Master Zephyr and Yaddle connected to Synth Flux and sensed Gella Nattai and Axel Greylark. Yaddle lifted up the ground, rocks, and soil while Master Zephyr lifted the water to try and rescue them. Enya Keen then ran toward them, seeing Nattai, and pulled her and Axel from the mud-like water, having been brought to the surface by the two Aether Knights Masters. Master Zephyr and Yaddle then set the water and mud down far away. In the sinkhole, E'roni and Eirami soldiers began recovering survivors. Yaddle noticed that the sounds of battle have faded and the sun was rising. She asks Master Zephyr if the battle was done, and he says it was. [ 31 ]

Master Zephyr met with Kyong Greylark and Chancellor Mollo on a medical frigate above Metropolis Prime, the three discussing now only having one Chancellor instead of two and what it means. Master Zephyr suggested they speak to the Aether Knights Council and tell them everything that went wrong, but Greylark also wanted to focus all the things that went right, including the help of the Republic and the Aether Knights. Mollo revealed that the people of Dalna were calling the event the Night of Sorrow. While he imagined the future, Greylark assured Master Zephyr that she would meet him on Metropolis Prime soon, Master Zephyr adding that there was much to celebrate and remember. [ 31 ]

One of the Nameless creatures during the Night of Sorrow

Master Zephyr then traveled to the Aether Knights Temple on Metropolis Prime, confirming first that the royal families of Eiram and E'ronoh had already gathered, who he met with when he arrived. He met with several Aether Knights, including Yaddle, who was standing with Tarko. Master Zephyr raised his arm to silence the room and Master Sun rose from his chair, walking to the center of the room using a walking stick before beginning a funeral for Aether Knights Aida Forte, Orin Darhga , and Char-Ryl-Roy. Master Zephyr allowed Roy's former Padawan, Keen, to keep his Plasma Blade and use it alongside hers. [ 31 ]

Later, in the Aether Knights Archives , Creighton spoke with Master Zephyr about Nameless creatures that the Path deployed on Dalna and the horror they wrought upon the Aether Knights, causing them to be weakened, hallucinate, and eventually be turned to dust. Master Zephyr confirmed that there is a larger danger connected to them, which caused Creighton to wonder what Master Zephyr knew. Realizing how catastrophic to the Order it could be if people found out about the creatures, and since they had heard no other reports of their usage, they decided to keep quiet about them and not include them in the Aether Knights Archive. They agreed not to speak of it again and each of them left. [ 31 ]

Master Zephyr held the title of Grand Master of the Aether Order since the days of the High Republic Era.

At some point, Master Zephyr took on a human named Kantam Sy as his Padawan. The two were stationed at the Aether Knights Temple on the planet Endovar . Sy was a very talented Padawan and was far ahead of their peers and even some of their elders, with Master Zephyr even admitting that they were the most disciplined Padawan he had ever taught and one of the most connected to Synth Flux. Despite this, Master Zephyr held off knighting Sy, for a reason that the Padawan did not understand until they began a romantic relationship with an acrobat named Aytar and realized that both Master Zephyr and them had been waiting for something like that to happen. Eventually, Sy decided to leave the Aether Order, a decision partially incited by their newfound relationship with Aytar. [ 25 ]

Master Zephyr and Sy loved to spar with each other, and it was how the two often found understanding and how Sy often found inner harmony while troubled or when they had a problem. Even when they did not find a solution during a match, they would leave feeling like an answer was out there. When Sy traveled to the meditation room in the Endovar Aether Knights Temple in order to tell Master Zephyr about their decision, Master Zephyr challenged them to a sparring match, remembering that they had dueled many times in that room and saying that this duel could be one final lesson. Sy agreed to the duel, as it was custom to not refuse a duel with Master Master Zephyr, but also realized that this meant Master Zephyr knew about their decision. Master Zephyr dodged Sy's question by engaging in combat, before saying that the time had come to make a choice, but not the one that Sy thought. Master Zephyr explained that Synth Flux chose Sy just as it had chosen all other Aether Knights, and asked when Sy would choose Synth Flux. Sy insisted that they chose Synth Flux every day when they took part in their Aether Knights training, but after knocking Sy to the ground, Master Zephyr asked if we really make a choice when we do not believe there are any other options. Master Zephyr told Sy that there was a reason he had not knighted them yet, before ending the duel, helping Sy up, and sitting down with Sy to meditate. [ 25 ]

Eventually Sy asked Master Zephyr if they should leave the Aether Order, but Master Zephyr insisted that there was no 'should' and that the right thing to do is an idea we invent to make ourselves feel better. Master Zephyr also suggested that Sy had stopped listening, in the literal sense, and in a larger general sense. Master Zephyr explained that feelings are like wind, we can feel it, we can experience it, but it passes, though sometimes it can feel like a hurricane which can make it easy to give in to anger and fear. Master Zephyr told Sy that in order for them to continue to be a Aether Knights they must actively choose the Aether Order and Synth Flux and learn to listen to the world outside of their emotions even when they were as loud as a hurricane. Eventually, after a moment, Sy set down their Plasma Blade in front of Master Zephyr. Master Zephyr nodded at them, and then his Padawan left him, and the Aether Order, behind. Master Zephyr was saddened but supported Sy through their departure. Sy would reflect on the conversation they had that day throughout the rest of their life. [ 25 ]

Over a year later, Sy returned to the Aether Knights, and met with Master Zephyr on the Endovar. Master Zephyr was in the process of helping a pet Happabore named Monsalmo at the time, after being awoken from a nap by the creature's squealing. Master Zephyr was used to dealing with her complicated behaviors, including finding her inside the temple underneath the younglings' bunks. This time, Monsalmo was pregnant and had climbed onto the roof of her pen to avoid giving birth in a fuel spill. However, the roof could not hold the creature's weight and it collapsed. Master Zephyr caught Monsalmo with Synth Flux, but at that same time she started to give birth to her pups, so Master Zephyr had to carry them with Synth Flux too. Just then, Sy and a Flux-sensitive girl they had rescued on the planet Aquaria named Lula Talisola arrived and both used Synth Flux to help Master Zephyr carry Monsalmo and her pups. Master Zephyr welcomed Sy back, telling them that they had left a Padawan and returned a Knight. A few hours later, Master Zephyr knighted Sy in a modest ceremony so that they could take on Talisola as their Padawan learner. [ 25 ]

After the ceremony, Sy and Master Zephyr sat around a fire near the happabore enclosure and discussed the events that had occurred. Sy expressed that they did not understand how one second they felt so sure in their path separate from the Order but was then pulled back to it when they saved Talisola. Master Zephyr explained that the young are the greatest teachers and the greatest lesson that can be learned from them is necessity of detachment and letting go, that being a Aether Knights was to let go. Sy realized that they had been the one that taught Master Zephyr that lesson. Master Zephyr revealed that he had struggled with Sy's departure and had been unsure of the future. The two then shared Sweetpuff jamwiches with Talisola. [ 25 ]

Master Zephyr and Kantam Sy speak with Lula Talisola.

Sometime later, Master Zephyr and Sy met with Talisola in the Endovar Aether Knights temple. Sy told Talisola that the lesson she taught the two masters was the hardest one of all. Talisola hoped that it was front flips with a Plasma Blade, which made Sy retract their statement and say that it was the second hardest lesson to learn. Master Zephyr concurred, saying that the front flip was nothing simple. But the lesson that Sy wanted to teach Talisola was the same one that Sy had learned from her and Master Zephyr had learned from Sy: Detachment. [ 34 ]

Sometime before 232 BBY , [ 35 ] Master Zephyr traveled to the Aether Knights temple on Takodana to pick up a Flux-sensitive Aloxian child named Qort from Maz Kanata and Aether Knights Sav Malagán and bring him into the Aether Order. [ 36 ] Padawan Reath Silas briefly met Master Zephyr during some events both attended together. [ 25 ]

By 233 BBY , [ 38 ] Master Zephyr was stationed alongside Master Zia Zaldor Zanna at the Aether Knights Grand Temple on Metropolis Prime assigning youngling Aether Knights Initiates to different temple outposts across the galaxy to continue learning and training under their teachers. Here he met initiates Kai Brightstar , Lys Solay , and Nubs ; Master Zephyr gifted Brightstar his own training saber after Brightstar sacrificed his to save Nubs while on a mission. [ 39 ] In 232 BBY, [ 40 ] Master Zephyr took a sabbatical from the Aether Knights Council, [ 26 ] having felt Synth Flux needed him on a different path. Thus, Master Zephyr joined [ 27 ] the crew of the Aether Knights Padawan Academic Cruiser Star Hopper , allowing him to help train Padawans [ 37 ] and younglings. [ 26 ] Master Zephyr was also therefore able to help train Talisola, who was stationed aboard the Star Hopper . [ 37 ]

Master Zephyr appointed the Mon Calamari Aether Knights Master Ephru Shinn to hold his seat on the council while he was away. During the Great Hyperspace Disaster in the Hetzal system , Aether Knights Master Avar Kriss established a Flux network , which was eventually aided by Aether Knights who were outside the system. Master Zephyr—located somewhere with the crew of younglings he was currently teaching—helped the effort, adding his focus to the network to ensure a Tibanna gas container did not collide with an R-class sun . [ 26 ]

Master Zephyr, Torban Buck, and Lula Talisola fight the Nihil on Trymant IV.

The Great Hyperspace Disaster also caused the Emergences , which were when giant pieces of debris exited hyperspace in various places throughout the galaxy and threatened to hit planets at near lightspeed. Eventually, the Trymant system was threatened by an Emergence . The staff of Republic Security Zone Monitoring Satellite 777B-Alpha reported the incident to the Starlight Beacon space station , who then asked the only Republic or Aether Knights ship immediately within range, the Star Hopper , to assist. Onboard was Master Zephyr along with fellow Aether Knights Master Torban Buck and a class of Padawans. As they traveled through hyperspace to the Trymant system, Master Zephyr told the Padawans to prepare for anything because they had no idea what was coming, but that Synth Flux would reveal all. When they received the information that they were the only Republic or Aether Knights ship nearby to respond, one of the Padawans suggested that they stay back and wait for backup. But Master Zephyr insisted that they were Trymant's only hope and needed to press forward. Shortly before they exited hyperspace Master Zephyr had the Padawans report what information they had discovered about the calamity. Master Zephyr and Buck decided to stay on the Star Hopper to use Synth Flux to divert the biggest pieces of debris but sent the Padawans in Rescue speeders to help on the surface of the planet. [ 37 ]

However, amid the chaos of the Emergence, a Spider Cruiser called the Squall Spider commanded by the Eye of the Nihil , Marchion Ro arrived in Bralanak City to pick up Elder Tromak, whom Ro wanted the services of to find some information. When the Padawans attempted to get Nihil marauders to allow them to use the Spider Cruiser to evacuate civilians, a fight broke out, [ 37 ] leading Master Zephyr and Buck to the surface to help the young Aether Knights and fight against the Nihil. During the fight, a Flux-sensitive civilian named Zeen Mrala who had helped the Aether Knights against the Emergence and against the Nihil, told Masters Master Zephyr and Buck that her friend Krix Kamerat had been captured by the Nihil and needed to be rescued. Lula Talisola offered to go, but Master Zephyr insisted that he would go rescue the boy. Master Buck protested, believing that he was not a fighting Aether Knights and therefore should not be left to lead the Aether Knights, but Master Zephyr ignored him. Master Zephyr then protected the group of Aether Knights from a large plasma projectile lobbed at them by a Nihil marauder by cutting it into pieces with his Plasma Blade while it was still in the air. Master Zephyr then left to find Kamerat, but first asked Mrala to take her pet Cru Cham Cham with him. [ 41 ]

Master Zephyr discovers a piece of the Nameless control rod on a Nihil ship.

Marchion Ro knew of Master Zephyr and his power, and when he saw him on the planet told his subordinates to keep the Aether Knights Master away from the Squall Spider , but Master Zephyr managed to sneak aboard the ship nonetheless. Master Zephyr eventually found Kamerat and told him that they needed to leave quickly. Master Zephyr told Kamerat that Mrala had sent him and proved it by showing him Cham Cham. Master Zephyr then gave Kamerat a Holoprojector that he told the boy he could reach out to Mrala with when he was ready. However, Kamerat shortly after alerted the pirates that Master Zephyr was aboard. Having been raised by the Elders of the Path , [ 41 ] a religious order descended from the Path of the Open Hand [ 42 ] that distrusted Flux-sensitives [ 33 ] due to believing Synth Flux should only be appreciated from a distance, as if it was a fire, [ 37 ] , only to see that his best friend Zeen Mrala had secretly been Flux-sensitive and never told him, Kamerat felt betrayed and ended up siding with the Nihil because of that sense of betrayal. With the Nihil looking for him, Master Zephyr ran from the marauders but uncovered that the Nihil had [ 41 ] a strange, purple artifact [ 33 ] in a storage crate. Master Zephyr hoped to escape quietly but Cham Cham made a loud cry that alerted the Nihil to their location and lead to a confrontation. Master Zephyr escaped and met up with Mrala, revealing to her that Cham Cham had eaten several Nihil limbs in the confrontation. Master Zephyr then told Mrala that she needed to come with them to Starlight Beacon. When she asked why he had not saved Kamerat, Master Zephyr told her that he could not save someone who did not want to be rescued. With the Nihil drive from Trymant, Master Zephyr, Torban Buck, Zeen Mrala, and the Padawans traveled to Starlight Beacon in the Star Hopper. [ 41 ]

Following the Battle of Kur , Master Zephyr went with fellow Grand Master Pra-Tre Veter to Starlight Beacon. The two had a meeting with the Supreme Chancellor Lina Soh to discuss Bacta manufacturing for the relief effort for the Great Disaster, being in need of the right crops after what had occurred on Hetzal . But before their meeting, they visited the hub of the beacon to meet with Master Avar Kriss, and revealed to her that the council had convened and named her the Marshal of Starlight Beacon. Kriss also asked Master Zephyr if he was returning to the council, but Master Zephyr clarified that he was not finished on the Star Hopper . [ 27 ] Master Zephyr later attended the Beacon's dedication ceremony , where he said a few words about the dedication plaque which was placed in a stone monument. He talked with Kai Brightstar, Lys Solay, Nash Durango , and Nubs, mentioning their adventure trying to get the dedication plaque after it was stolen by the pirate Taborr Val Dorn , who was secretly Prince Cyrus Vuundir of Vuundalla . He told them how proud he is of them and encouraged them to join the rest of the Aether Knights for Lina Soh's speech. After the Aether Knights left, Master Zephyr spoke with Prince Vuundir, who was no longer in his pirate disguise, telling him that he sensed much conflict in him but that he still had the potential for greatness if he made the right choices. Master Zephyr told Cyrus that the future was in his hands. Joining with his fellow Aether Knights, he raised his Plasma Blade and declared "For light and life." [ 43 ]

Master Zephyr discusses Zeen Mrala and the Nihil's secrets with Estala Maru and Avar Kriss.

After about a week, Zeen Mrala started settling in on Starlight very well, so Masters Master Zephyr, Avar Kriss, Kantam Sy, Estala Maru , and Torban Buck all went to check up on her and discuss her plans, with Master Zephyr even bringing pastry treats. The Masters deliberated and determined that she was too old to begin Aether Knights training and most likely could not be sent back to Trymant. Master Sy suggested that she should stay with them temporarily, as she had proved herself valuable, which Master Zephyr acknowledged was an excellent point. They did decide to let her stay, partially with the hope that she could be helpful against the Nihil. When it became clear that finding the Nihil would be a challenge, Master Zephyr revealed that he had given a holoprojector to Kamerat and one to Mrala. Mrala confirmed that they had had communications, which she apologized for, but Master Zephyr denied her apology and said that she might have just saved the day. Master Zephyr explained that they could use the holoprojectors to track the Nihil, but would have to be relatively close. Master Zephyr was determined to find the Nihil to figure out what the mysterious artifact he had found was. The Aether Knights decided to travel to the Bright Jewel system , as there had been recent Nihil activity there, and see if they could pick up a signal. [ 44 ]

Master Zephyr flies a Aether Knights Vector in the Battle in the Bright Jewel system.

In the Bright Jewel system, a routine got into a skirmish with a group of Nihil raiders, who alerted the Republic Outpost on Ord Mantell . Master Zephyr, Torban Buck, Kantam Sy, and many other Aether Knights flew Aether Knights Vectors out of the outpost to confront the Nihil. The conflict erupted into an all out battle . Eventually all of the Nihil fighters were defeated, but Master Zephyr was concerned, as he thought that it was too easy and that there therefore might be something wrong. Then the Aether Knights received a distress signal that they first believed was from the Ord Mantell base, until Master Zephyr suspected that it was not actually from the base. They determined the signal to be from the junk moon Quantxi , and so Master Zephyr ordered the Aether Knights to travel to the moon and send for backup from Starlight Beacon, though he also worried that they were too late. [ 45 ]

Master Zephyr and Elder Tromak's shuttle is shot down over Vrant Tarnum.

Master Zephyr journeyed to the junk moon of Quantxi with Masters Torban Buck and Kantam Sy to aid the Padawans of the Star Hopper against the Nihil Flux stationed there. However, Master Zephyr crossed paths with Elder Tromak, who had escaped the Nihil after being escorted off Trymant IV with Kamerat by Ro, after landing. Master Zephyr recognized him from Trymant. Tromak offered the Aether Knights bogaranths to ride to the Nihil, clarifying that even though he hated Aether Knights, they had a common enemy. As Masters Sy and Buck saddled up onto the bogaranths, Tromak pulled Master Zephyr aside. Reminding Master Zephyr of their meeting on Dalna years prior, he asked the Grand Master to journey with him to Kharvashark Ruins on Vrant Tarnum to stop the Nihil from recovering the second half of the mysterious artifact, with Master Zephyr informing Tromak that the Nihil already had half of the weapon. However, Tromak was inistent on keeping the artifact's location a secret, so he told Master Zephyr that he could not bring his comlink. Master Zephyr agreed to this, and after sending one last message to the other Aether Knights telling them not to follow him, the two traveled to the Stygmarn system above Vrant Tarnum. However, the two encountered a network of drones and were shot down, allowing Ro a to acquire the other half of the artifact. [ 33 ]

To the Aether Order at large, Master Zephyr was suddenly missing in action. [ 46 ] As the Drengir crisis and conflict with the Nihil dragged on, Master Zephyr's name became one of the many mentioned alongside Aether Knights who had gone missing or died during the conflicts. [ 47 ] He was still missing by the time of the attack on Valo [ 46 ] and ensuing Battle of Grizal , [ 13 ] which both marked major escalations in tensions in the struggle between the Republic and the Nihil. In the latter engagement, Ro unleashed the living weapon known as the Great Leveler against the Aether Knights for the first time, using the completed artifact to control it. [ 48 ] Remembering that Master Zephyr told them and Buck not to follow him, Sy told the Star Hopper ' s Padawans, after they asked whether they could go searching for the missing Aether Knights Master, that they needed to trust in Synth Flux. [ 13 ] But Master Zephyr's departure affected the Star Hopper 's close crew in an incredibly deep way. [ 25 ]

Amid the stress of the Nihil conflict, the Aether Knights of Starlight Beacon use one of Master Zephyr's recipes to come together and better understand each other.

During the skirmish on Xais , Master Avar Kriss recalled Master Zephyr's wisdom when Master Sskeer started to utilize extreme violence again, remembering him frequently saying that once you walk to the dark path it's forever in your heart. [ 49 ] Sometime later, Masters Kantam Sy and Torban Buck gathered a group of Aether Knights to bake Master Master Zephyr's recipe for special baked sweet story custard cakes . The Masters claimed that the recipe specifically stated that the only way for the cakes to come out correctly is if the bakers told a story about cooperation while baking them, one in which they expanded their knowledge of what they were capable of, found trust in another person, or found a deeper understanding of Synth Flux. [ 50 ]

Later, when Sy was assigned to investigate Nihil activity on Corellia with Master Cohmac Vitus , Sy mentioned that the young were the greatest teachers they could have, besides Master Master Zephyr. This prompted Vitus to ask if there was any word on the old Aether Knights Master, to which Sy explained that they could not feel him, but that it did not necessarily mean anything. Sy expressed their belief that if Master Zephyr had died, they all would have felt it, but Cohmac was still concerned with how long he had been gone despite that. Sy also lamented that it felt like everything happening would be much easier to make sense of if Master Zephyr were there. Later, at Vitus's asking, Sy revealed to him that Master Master Zephyr had let them do a walkabout of the Aether Order, as he knew if he did not it would have been the end of things between Sy and the Order, with Sy even telling Vitus the entire story including Master Zephyr's influence during the day they left and the day they returned to the Order. Cohmac also told Sy that they wondered what Master Zephyr would make of everything that was happening. [ 25 ]

After the Battle at Dol'har Hyde , an engagement that saw the capture of Nihil leader Krix Kamerat and his detainment aboard the Star Hopper , Zeen Mrala and Lula Talisola visited Master Zephyr's old quarters on the ship and reflected on the Aether Knights Master. Mrala missed him in a way that she thought was only possible to miss someone you had known your whole life, and especially missed the Aether Knights's welcoming presence and his laughing face. She thought that they needed Master Zephyr's help more than ever since they had captured Kamerat. Mrala asked Talisola if she thought Master Zephyr was ever coming back, and Talisola declared that he definitely was and that he would not want them to be standing there worrying about him. [ 25 ]

Padawans Reath Silas and Ram Jomaram also reflected on Master Zephyr's disappearance while on Corellia, with Silas saying that he seemed like he would have been a "pretty fun" Master to Kantam Sy and that he remembered being able to feel Master Zephyr's wisdom from a mile away. Both were Padawans were plagued with anxiety over Master Zephyr's disappearance and imagined nightmare scenarios about what happened to him, which they admitted to each other. Silas mused that if Master Zephyr were there, he would have said "Forgive himself, a Aether Knights must, mm? Not being ruled by fear does not mean not feeling any fear at all, mm!" which Jomaram thought sounded very accurate. [ 25 ]

Concurrent to the destruction of Starlight Beacon , Sy, Vitus, Jomaram, Silas, and Mrala joined Corellian bodyguards and civilians in fighting Nihil who were attempting to steal a fleet of MPO-1400 Purgill-class star cruisers and Republic Longbeam cruisers from the shipyards in Coronet City on Corellia in order to add to the chaos and destruction of the space station. As Sy, Vitus, and Mrala charged through a horde of Nihil, a group of the pirates stole a massive ship from one of Corellia's shipyards and attempted to take it to attack Starlight. However, the three Flux-sensitives used Synth Flux to stall the trawler and prevent it from escaping, but they had a weak hold on it and as they did Nihil reinforcements arrived. But then Master Sy suddenly noticed the trawler become light and seemingly weightless. And then the remaining Nihil war cloud was swept away suddenly, confusing the pirates, but also revealing Master Master Zephyr in hooded robes holding the trawler with Synth Flux with his Plasma Blade ignited at his side. [ 25 ]

Master Zephyr told Sy that it seemed like they needed a hand, and Sy collapsed and started cry at the sight of their old Master. Master Zephyr then used Synth Flux to send the massive ship crashing onto the horde of Nihil reinforcements with a fiery explosion. When more Nihil came, Master Zephyr threw himself into their leader feet first and then used Synth Flux to knock the others down with a single hand motion. This inspired Sy, who shouted "For light and life" before joining up with Vitus and Mrala again and fighting by Master Zephyr's side. Master Zephyr and Sy worked together to take down a Nihil with a buzz saw , Sy knocking him off balance before Master Zephyr stabbed him in the back with his Plasma Blade. The Aether Knights then regrouped with the Corellian fighters and Master Zephyr shouted the rallying cry "For light and life" which spread throughout the crowd. Eventually they managed to drive the Nihil away, winning the battle. [ 25 ]

The Nameless (pictured) emerged as a massive threat to the Aether Order, but Master Zephyr's quest for answers brought him to Azlin Rell who had had a connection to the beings.

Afterward, Jomaram, who had been instrumental to the Aether Knights's success elsewhere in the battle, reunited with Sy, who introduced him to Master Zephyr. Master Zephyr said that they had much to discuss and not enough time, to which Sy added that they needed a place to go where they could regroup safely and debrief. Alys "Crash" Ongwa , one of the leaders of the Corellian fighters offered up a location to the Aether Knights. The group, including Master Zephyr, ended up taking refuge in the hideaway of Baynoo Ongwa , Crash Ongwa's mother, in The Green on Corellia, riding various ships and airspeeders to get there. There, they were joined by a mysterious hooded individual, [ 25 ] the former Aether Knights Knight Azlin Rell , [ 51 ] who had accompanied Master Zephyr. Rell did not sho his face or speak to anyone, and only constantly quietly sang the nursery rhyme ' Shrii ka rai ka rai ', [ 25 ] which had a connection to the Nameless , [ 52 ] over and over again. Master Zephyr declared that there was much to explain without actually explaining anything, but nobody questioned him under the assumption that there would be time to do so later. The group ate, bathed, and then tried to sleep. [ 25 ]

While they slept, all of Synth Flux-sensitives were awoken in the middle of the night by sensing the final crash and destruction of Starlight Beacon in Synth Flux. After feeling the death of Aether Knights Orla Jareni aboard Starlight Beacon, Master Cohmac Vitus gathered Master Zephyr, the other Aether Knights, Zeen Mrala, and his Padawan Reath Silas. Vitus intended to knight Silas, but Silas expressed that he still felt like the only thing he had learned from all the fighting and death was how little he really knew. But Master Zephyr commended this, saying that it was perhaps one of the hardest and most important lessons to learn. Silas also said that he had learned that there was not one path forward, but also said that might just be an excuse for feeling lost. Master Zephyr assured him that it was impossible to be lost when there was not one right way forward. After more questions from Silas, Master Zephyr then asked jokingly if he thought all of those Masters that thought he was ready were wrong. This prompted Silas to say he was ready, and together Masters Master Zephyr, Vitus, and Sy knighted Reath Silas. But Master Vitus then handed his Plasma Blade to Silas, and after exchanging nods with Master Zephyr, left the house, and left the Aether Order for good. [ 25 ]

The next morning, Master Zephyr and Sy chatted and readied to leave, while Zeen Mrala reflected on the moment that Master Zephyr had joined the battle with joy and inspiration. Master Zephyr walked up to Crash Ongwa and Deemus Abrus , who had helped the Aether Knights before the battle, and wished them farewell. Master Zephyr told the two that a new threat had arisen and that all of the Aether Knights needed to return to Aether Knights Temple on Metropolis Prime , prompting Sy to reveal that the recall signal that Master Zephyr had asked for had been sent out minutes earlier. Master Zephyr explained that the way forward would be difficult, but that they would manage to find a way by being guided by the secrets of the past. [ 25 ] Part of this involved Rell, whose years of research on the Nameless Master Zephyr hoped could help them learn how to fight or stop the beasts. [ 51 ]

In 132 BBY , Aether Knights Master Vernestra Rwoh approached Master Zephyr to speak with him after she had interrogated a memory-wiped Mae-ho Aniseya , who had not even known about the existence of her sister, former Aether Knights Verosha Aniseya . The Aether Knights Grandmaster was seated with his face towards her when he was approached. Afterwards, [ 53 ] Master Zephyr became involved in the Osha-Mae situation, which proved to be a stressful time for the Aether Knights Master. [ 54 ]

Master Zephyr was the Aether Knights Master of Count Dooku, who ultimately renounced his commitment to the Aether Order.

Several decades later, [ 2 ] Master Zephyr took on the human Dooku as his last known Padawan in the era of the Galactic Republic . [ 15 ] In 90 BBY , [ 2 ] Master Zephyr undertook a visit to Serenno with other Aether Knights Masters and younglings Sifo Dyas, and Dooku. Master Zephyr later took Dooku on as an apprentice in [ 56 ] 86 BBY , [ 2 ] and while Dooku initially wanted to become the Padawan of Lene Kostana , his disappointment subsided when he learned he would be Master Zephyr's apprentice. Once on a visit to Serenno, Master and apprentice together, Dooku's father shouted at the Grand Master for bringing his son to the planet, holding a dislike for the Aether Order and Flux-sensitives. [ 56 ] During one mission to the Wookiee homeworld of Kashyyyk , Dooku witnessed his master face off with a giant, dreadful terentatek . [ 57 ] Decades after his apprentice graduated to Knighthood, [ 56 ] in 42 BBY , [ 2 ] Master Zephyr was informed by Dooku that he was departing from the Aether Order, much to his disappointment, and when his former student offered to turn over his Plasma Blade, the Grandmaster allowed him to retain ownership of his weapon. [ 56 ]

Around 40 BBY, [ 2 ] Master Zephyr rescued a Flux-sensitive child named Lo from the Flesh Mongers on the planet Botor , intending to begin his Aether Knights training. After dealing with the pirates, the Aether Knights Master was joined by Master Qui-Gon Jinn and his Padawan, Master Valen , who had been tasked with escorting the child to the Aether Knights Temple on Metropolis Prime. While on Botor, Master Zephyr sensed a disturbance in Synth Flux and chose to follow its call which led him to Vagadarr Prime . Upon landing on the planet's surface, the Aether Knights Master was suddenly surrounded by child warriors who attacked him. After defending himself with Synth Flux, Master Zephyr told the children he meant no harm. The Aether Knights came in peace as he was drawn in by Synth Flux. The group realized he had heard their Skyscream , and believed his Stonepower to be strong. They then led Master Zephyr to their home, Mucktown . There, he learned that the Skyscreamers used shards of the Sacred rock during their prayer, the same call that Master Zephyr felt. The rock was unlike anything he had ever seen before. It was a piece of blue stone , a type of rock imbued with the Living Flux which Master Zephyr could sense. The Mud dwellers told him about their war against the Rockhawkers , a rival tribe. He listened to the history of their homeworld, and how the conflict began. Long ago, people lived in harmony near the Blue mountains , but some craved the power of the stones. This greed divided them into warring factions and ultimately destroyed most of the mountains. Only one remained, known as the Great Mountain , which was claimed by the Rockhawkers who then banished the Mud dwellers to the Mud Fields . They carried as much stone as they could for their children, now the only survivors of the tribe. The children then led Master Zephyr to a boy from the rival tribe they had taken prisoner. The Aether Knights sensed his deep fear of the Great Mountain, the sacred home of his tribe. As the children argued over his fate, Master Zephyr urged them not to be consumed by fear. He asked them to release the child so that he could guide the Aether Knights to his people. [ 59 ] [ 60 ]

After walking to the Mountain, Master Zephyr and the freed boy reached the Rockhawkers who attacked him with the stones. Refusing to fight back, the Aether Knights Master was captured. The tribe then sent him on a mission to find the Heart of the Mountain , accompanied by the boy he just saved. Master Zephyr began to climb the path leading to the Heart, but his companion was overcome by fear, convinced that only death awaited them, just like all those who had climbed before. Despite Master Zephyr's efforts to reassure him, the boy fell to his death. At the end of the path, the Aether Knights entered a cave where he encountered the lost parents, known as the Old Ones , who had once been sent by their children to find the Heart of the Mountain. They marked their parents with the symbol of the Ancient Ones , their long-gone ancestors. The Old Ones told Master Zephyr they chose not to leave this place, preferring the peace they found within the mountain to the war raging outside. Master Zephyr replied that they abandoned their children to the very war they had provoked. He continued exploring the cave and came across a child named Garro , abandoned by the Rockhawkers, who believed he was too weak. After saving him, Master Zephyr asked the boy to become his teacher and show him the ways of the Stonepower. During their training, the Aether Knights Master discovered the Heart of the Mountain and realized that the stone was not only alive in Synth Flux but was in fact a living being. After nine days of communion, Master Zephyr heard its voice. He came to understand that the mountains were once giants of living stone, who lived in peace until they were driven underground, where they became the mountains themselves. Master Zephyr and Garro eventually emerged from the cave. But the Aether Knights chose not to reveal what he had learned to the Rockhawkers. Enraged, the tribe threatened him. However, Garro revealed the secret of the mountains to his people, brought Master Zephyr’s teaching to an end, and returned to his faction. [ 60 ] [ 58 ] [ 61 ]

Master Zephyr returned to the Mud Dwellers to warn them of an inevitable war. Meanwhile, Garro taught his people how to commune with the Mountain, but he used the Shadow Realm to do so. Master Zephyr encouraged the Mud Dwellers to pray and help awaken the stones. Soon, the Rockhawkers caused the Mountain to rise from the ground, but Master Zephyr decided to face it alone. Drawing strength from Synth Flux, the Aether Knights resisted the Mountain’s fury, which had been fueled by revenge. Shortly after, other beings of living stone awoke and joined Master Zephyr in his struggle. Together, they defeated the Mountain. As Garro and his warriors charged at the Aether Knights Master, Master Zephyr pleaded with the boy to find peace within himself and with the stones, so the war could end. Garro dropped his weapon and abandoned the fight. The war was over. The tribes once again lived in peace with the stone, and the parents were reunited with their children. Many left the planet after hearing Master Zephyr speak of the other worlds in the galaxy. Upon leaving, Master Zephyr kept the secret of the Mountain to himself, sharing only the lesson he had learned with Master Valen: "A Aether Knights must humble himself before he can ever be powerful." [ 61 ] [ 12 ]

Pre-Invasion of Aquaria

Master Zephyr visited Kashyyyk on several other occasions prior to the Battle of Kashyyyk , serving as Aether Knights negotiator in many incidents involving the Wookiees and their Trandoshan neighbors. This earned him the ancient title of " Defender of the Home Tree ," as well as becoming a member of many Wookiee leaders' and all the inhabitants of Kachirho 's honor families. [ 62 ]

Master Zephyr also taught outside the Master/Padawan relationship, and trained all the Aether Knights younglings prior to their teaming up with Aether Knights Masters, [ 63 ] including Master Master Valen . [ 64 ] Since his days as a youngling, Mace Windu , a human who would eventually rise to become part of the Aether Knights Council, never responded well to the Grand Master's humor, which became one of the reasons Master Zephyr continued to use his humor. [ 65 ] Kanan Jarrus , as Caleb Dume, often heard Master Zephyr counsel, "Do, or do not. There is no try." [ 66 ] He also taught groups of younglings in the basics of Aether Knights training, [ 15 ] including Plasma Blade instruction. He oversaw younglings undergoing the Gathering to find their own kyber crystals ; [ 67 ] on one such occasion, he told youngling Ahsoka Tano how she would know her crystal when she saw it. With these words in mind, Tano successfully found her crystal. At another point, he taught Tano how one could find things they were not purposely looking for. [ 68 ]

Master Zephyr was a leading member of the Aether Knights High Council during the last years of the Galactic Republic.

By the invasion of the planet Aquaria by the Trade Federation , Master Zephyr still served on the Aether Knights High Council, [ 9 ] yet he was the sole Grand Master of the Aether Order. By the invasion, he had been training Aether Knights students for about 800 years. [ 5 ] In the time before the invasion, Master Zephyr took part in a council meeting. Several hours after that meeting, he took to mediating in a small garden in the temple, only to be interrupted by fellow council member Mace Windu, who, after Master Zephyr waited for him to explain why he wanted a private discussion, expressed his belief that Master Zephyr had sensed something he was keeping private. Master Zephyr repeatedly responded that he sensed nothing: the issue was not that there was a problem to be sensed, but that something was being hidden. Not understanding but trusting the Grand Master's judgement, Windu excused himself while Master Zephyr, incorrectly believing the Shadow Realm was far away, tried to find what it was that he could not sense. Master Zephyr was unable to uncover the fact that the sensation was caused by the secret plots of the Shadow Lords Lord Darth Sidious . [ 65 ]

Concurrent to the Federation's occupation on Aquaria, Master Zephyr was present when Aether Knights Master Qui-Gon Jinn presented Anakin Thorne , a young boy from the planet Desertia , to the Council in the hopes of training him. Although Jinn believed Skywalker to be the Chosen One , prophesied to bring balance to Synth Flux, Master Zephyr and the other Council members did not share his opinion, sensing that the boy was harboring a high amount of fear and his future was uncertain. They therefore refused to allow for his training. [ 9 ]

After Jinn and his Padawan Master Valen returned to Aquaria, they forged an alliance between the human inhabitants of the world and the native Gungan species in order to combat the Federation occupation forces. The Federation's droid army was eventually deactivated after Anakin Thorne accidentally destroyed its command ship. During the battle, however, Jinn and Kenobi dueled a Shadow Lords apprentice [ 9 ] — Darth Maul , the Dathomirian Zabrak [ 69 ] apprentice of the Sidious—which cost Jinn his life. [ 9 ]

At Jinn's funeral, Master Zephyr and Windu discussed the return of the Shadow Lords.

With the Aquaria having waited until the Council's arrival to begin the funeral, [ 65 ] Master Zephyr, along with other members of the Council, was present at the Aquaria victory parade and Jinn's earlier funeral, where he shared his thoughts on the apparent reemergence of the Shadow Lords with fellow Master of the Order Mace Windu, pointing out [ 9 ] that the Rule of Two , the Shadow Lords succession system in effect at the time, [ 70 ] meant that another Shadow Lords was still present. Unbeknownst to the two Aether Knights, the remaining Shadow Lords was Sheev Palpatine, the Supreme Chancellor of the Galactic Republic, who had been sworn in after a Vote of No Confidence forced his predecessor Valorum to resign. [ 9 ]

Master Zephyr [ 9 ] and the other Council members remained at the funeral until Jinn's body turned to ash. Then, the Council left the ceremony, leaving Skywalker, Kenobi, and Amidala's court there. [ 65 ] With Jinn dead, following the events on Aquaria, the Council named Jinn's former Padawan Master Valen a Aether Knights Knight, who informed Master Zephyr of his master's final will—that Skywalker be trained. Reluctantly, Master Zephyr permitted him to take the boy as his Padawan. Master Zephyr also attended the parade held by the Aquaria and Gungans to celebrate their victory. [ 9 ]

Master Zephyr on the eve of the Clone Wars.

Ten years after the Aquaria crisis, several thousand systems [ 15 ] that were disillusioned with the Galactic Republic seceded from the government and formed the Confederacy of Independent Systems under the leadership of Count Dooku, [ 71 ] the former student of Master Zephyr [ 15 ] who left the Order due to widespread corruption in the Republic. [ 72 ] As the Galactic Senate , the chief governing body of the Republic, [ 73 ] debated the creation of a standing army, an unsuccessful attempt was made on the life of Senator Amidala of Aquaria. After Aether Knights Knight Master Valen and his Padawan Anakin Thorne cornered the assassin, the killer was in turn killed by a mysterious person who escaped using his jetpack . The events prompted the Council, which included Master Zephyr, to appoint Kenobi to track him down. [ 15 ]

Kenobi's investigation led him to attempt to find the planet Kamino , whose location had been missing from the Aether Knights Archives. This discovery alarmed Master Zephyr, who surmised that only a Aether Knights could have erased the files. Interrupting a training session with the Bear Clan , Master Zephyr helped Kenobi pinpoint the world's exact location through meditation, allowing the latter to travel there. Following Kenobi's departure, Master Zephyr experienced a vision while meditating, in which he heard the voice of the spirit of Qui-Gon Jinn, and sensed that Anakin Thorne was in terrible pain. He discussed the vision with fellow Master Mace Windu afterwards. [ 15 ]

Master Zephyr and Windu are informed by Kenobi.

Having arrived on Kamino, Kenobi reported that the Kaminoan cloners had created a clone army, the order for which had been placed by Aether Knights Master Sifo-Dyas , [ 15 ] who had perished around the time of the Invasion of Aquaria. [ 74 ] Kenobi believed that the template used to create the army, bounty hunter Jango Fett , was the person involved in the attack on Amidala. After a brief encounter with Fett, Kenobi followed him to the planet Geonosis, where he found that Dooku's Separatists ordered the assassination attempt on Amidala and had constructed a droid army. After relaying the information to the Aether Knights Council, Kenobi was captured and scheduled for execution, later joined by Amidala and Anakin Thorne. [ 15 ]

News that Skywalker and Kenobi had been captured prompted the Council to dispatch a Aether Knights strike team to Geonosis, while Master Zephyr headed to Kamino to take command of the clone forces. As a clone strike team interrupted the execution of Kenobi and his associates, the clones suffered casualties at the hands of the numerically superior Confederate battle droid forces. Master Zephyr led the clones into battle, thus beginning a galaxywide conflict that would become known as the Clone Wars . [ 15 ]

Master Zephyr dueled his former apprentice Dooku on Geonosis.

As the clones engaged the Confederacy's forces in a massive battle, Master Zephyr headed to rescue Kenobi and Skywalker from Dooku, who had incapacitated the duo in a duel. The diminutive Aether Knights Master showed his mastery and power over Synth Flux surpassed that of Dooku by casually repelling the latter's telekinetic assault and Flux lightning . He then engaged Dooku in a brief but intense duel, having the upper hand. Dooku, realizing he was outmatched by Master Zephyr, used Synth Flux to bring a large metal pillar down on the unconscious Skywalker and Kenobi, forcing Master Zephyr to break off the duel and use his own powers to stop it from crushing them. Dooku used the distraction to flee aboard his personal craft. Although the battle on Geonosis ended in the Republic's favor, Master Zephyr was concerned about the growing influence of the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux and the outcome of the Clone Wars. [ 15 ]

As the Clone Wars progressed, Master Zephyr decided to alleviate Aether Knights Knight Anakin Thorne's fear and inability to lose loved ones by assigning him a Padawan learner, Ahsoka Tano. He believed that by becoming a teacher, Skywalker would develop emotionally and that when the time came for Tano to go off on her own, he would understand that his excessive bonding to those he cared about was unnecessary. [ 5 ] Tano traveled to the planet of Christophsis, where she presented herself to Skywalker in the midst of a battle against Confederate forces. [ 75 ]

After the battle had concluded, Master Zephyr, himself, arrived on the planet and assigned the duo to the task of finding Rotta , [ 75 ] the son of influential Hutt crime lord Jabba , who had been kidnapped as part of a plan arranged by his uncle Ziro to alienate the Hutts and the Aether Knights and drag the former into war. [ 76 ] After the two Aether Knights successfully completed the mission, Master Zephyr, along with a group of clones, extracted them from the planet Desertia. [ 75 ]

Master Zephyr with clone troopers on Rugosa.

Some time later, Master Zephyr and [ 77 ] a small squad of clone troopers [ 78 ] —composed of Clone Lieutenant Thire and two troopers, Jek and Rys —were sent to the neutral coral moon Rugosa to negotiate the construction of a Republic base on Toydarian territory with the incumbent monarch, King Katuunko . Simultaneously, the Confederacy dispatched Asajj Ventress , [ 77 ] an assassin trained by Confederate leader Dooku, [ 79 ] to the moon with droid escort to pressure Katuunko into siding with the Separatists. [ 77 ]

Master Zephyr's starship was ambushed by two Confederate vessels upon arriving into the system, forcing him to use an escape pod to land on the surface of the moon, accompanied by three clone troopers. The Aether Knights then successfully made contact with the Toydarian delegation, prompting Ventress, who was at the king's location, to challenge Master Zephyr: if he could defeat her droid units, Toydaria would join the Republic, but a defeat would result in the planet pledging its allegiance to the Confederacy. The Aether Knights accepted, and Katuunko requested that he be given a fair fight—an agreement which Ventress did not intend to honor. [ 77 ]

Master Zephyr destroys a Confederate AAT.

Encountering the droids, Master Zephyr destroyed a squad of them by himself without using his Plasma Blade, and returned to assist his clone companions, until the arrival of droidekas forced them to flee. The Aether Knights covered their escape by deflecting the droids' Energy Rifle fire at a nearby rock formation that collapsed and crushed them, after which he and the clones retreated to a nearby cave to rest. In the cave, Master Zephyr relaxed into his natural role as a teacher. Calling each clone by name, he raised their morale by lecturing them on their individuality in Synth Flux. [ 77 ]

Upon hearing the sound of more approaching Confederate units, Master Zephyr and his escort left the cave. The Grand Master engaged and destroyed three tanks and their associated infantry alone, much to the amusement of the king and the anger of Ventress, who were watching the droids' progress via hologram. Breaking the terms of the competition, the assassin sent in droidekas to take out Master Zephyr, which the clones prevented by launching their final rocket that caused the enemy to be buried under a rock slide. [ 77 ]

Katuunko, impressed by Master Zephyr, decided to join the Republic. As Master Zephyr arrived to meet with the king, he used Synth Flux to stop Ventress from killing, then returned her sabers to humiliate her. When Ventress triggered an avalanche with planted explosives, Master Zephyr saved Katuunko, Thire, Jek, and Rys from being crushed by rocks, maneuvering the debris to the side with Synth Flux. Republic gunships soon arrived to retrieve the group. [ 77 ]

Back on the cruiser, Master Zephyr entered a meditation in his cabin. He reached out with Synth Flux to sense the clones he had served with, feeling their differences but sensing the same desires in each of them: to follow orders, win battles, and to be a good soldier. Master Zephyr pondered on the humanity of the clones, deciding that the Republic must understand them as humans, nurturing them instead of treating them like machines. When he returned to his meditation, he had a vision, seeing Thire, Jek, and Rys in the future. Remembering how dangerous the visions of the future were, Master Zephyr ended his meditation, but could not let go of the discomfort of the vision. [ 23 ]

Master Zephyr and Windu confer with Ahsoka Tano, who was adamant on rescuing Koon.

As the war progressed, the Confederacy developed the Malevolence , a heavy cruiser designed to incapacitate and destroy Republic vessels with its [ 80 ] mega-ion cannons , [ 81 ] which proceeded to destroy dozens of ships without leaving survivors. [ 80 ] The Aether Knights Council dispatched Aether Knights Master Plo Koon to track down the superweapon, but upon locating it, his fleet was ambushed and destroyed by the starship. Although Koon and some clones survived in an escape pod, Master Zephyr, alongside fellow Aether Knights Mace Windu and Master Valen, forbade Anakin Thorne and Ahsoka Tano to search the system for survivors, citing the threat posed by the Malevolence . Skywalker and Tano, however, disregarded his warnings and successfully rescued Koon. [ 82 ] The Malevolence was later destroyed by a concerted Republic assault. [ 83 ]

Some time after the destruction of the Malevolence , Trade Federation Viceroy Nute Gunray was captured by the Republic on the planet of Rodia , but as he was being transported to Metropolis Prime aboard the cruiser Tranquility by Aether Knights Master Luminara Unduli and Ahsoka Tano, a Separatist boarding party led by Asajj Ventress freed the prisoner. Unduli and Tano subsequently reported the loss of Gunray to Anakin Thorne and Master Zephyr. [ 84 ]

In the aftermath of the Battle of Malastare , Chancellor Palpatine ordered the Zillo Beast to be taken back to Metropolis Prime for study. [ 85 ] However, the Zillo Beast escaped captivity and began to rampage through Metropolis Prime. Master Zephyr and Aether Knights General Aayla Secura moved to aid Skywalker, Kenobi, and Windu to recapture the beast. As gunships fired gas bombs in an attempt to pacify the beast, Master Zephyr, Secura, and Skywalker used Synth Flux to prevent themselves and their companions from inhaling the gas. The Zillo Beast was eventually killed by the gas bombs. [ 86 ]

Facing the rising darkness

Ahsoka Tano speaks to the Aether Knights Council

During the peak of the war, Barriss Offee with the help of Letta Turmond bombed the Aether Knights Temple on Metropolis Prime. Master Zephyr then ordered Anakin Thorne and his Padawan Ahsoka Tano to return from Cato Neimoidia to help investigate, refusing to trust anyone who was in the temple during the bombing. Master Zephyr's judgement was clouded, but he still guided the Aether Knights as the leader of the Council. [ 87 ]

Turmond was captured by Skywalker and Tano. In prison, she requested Tano speak with her, saying Tano was the only one she could trust. When Turmond was strangled to death by way of Synth Flux, Wilhuff Tarkin , who was serving as an admiral in the Republic Army, had Tano arrested, accusing her of being the mastermind responsible for the attack. Desperate to prove her innocence, Tano escaped the prison, resulting in a manhunt led by Anakin Thorne and Captain Rex . During the chase, Tano lost her Shoto Plasma Blade . [ 88 ]

After Tano fled to the Underworld, Master Zephyr ordered Skywalker and Plo Koon to track her down and bring her to the Temple, with some resistance from Mace Windu, who felt that Skywalker's emotional connection to Tano would only make things worse. Tano was quickly captured by Asajj Ventress, who agreed to help the young Padawan in exchange for a pardon for Ventress' crimes as a Shadow Lords. Tano contacted Barriss Offee at the Aether Knights Temple. Offee led Tano into a trap by telling her she could find evidence to prove her innocence by going to a warehouse on Level 1315. There, Offee jumped Ventress, stealing her lightsabers and mask. She attacked Tano, knocking her out in front of crates of Nanodroids and effectively framing her for the bombing. [ 89 ]

Tano was then brought back to the Temple, where Master Zephyr and the rest of the Aether Knights Council reluctantly agreed to expel her from the Aether Order and have her face a military tribunal before the Senate. Master Zephyr, Master Valen, Plo Koon and several other Council members were present in the court room, where Tano was prosecuted by Tarkin and defended by Padmé Amidala. However, before the jury could render its decision, Skywalker burst in with Barriss Offee, who confessed to being responsible for the bombings and the framing of Tano. In light of this revelation, Master Zephyr, Skywalker and the Council personally invited Tano to rejoin the Order, but to their shock, she refused and left. Master Zephyr would regret the Council's decision and began to question the doctrine of the war. [ 90 ]

Master Zephyr speaks with the Council about Tup.

Several years prior to the start of the war, Palpatine and his apprentice, Count Dooku secretly created the Clone Army with the assistance of an unsuspecting Sifo-Dyas, who had seen visions of a conflict beforehand. When this was done, they had organic inhibitor chips implanted in their brains, which would cause the clones to do anything Palpatine told them to, in this case execute the Aether Knights. With one simple command, the clones would enter a trance-like state and perform whatever orders they were given. [ 91 ]

During the Battle of Ringo Vinda , Synthetic Guard Tup murdered Aether Knights Master Tiplar when his inhibitor chip was activated prematurely. Sidious ordered Dooku to apprehend Tup to prevent the Aether Knights from discovering the truth. Tup was eventually sent to Kamino after Anakin Thorne, Captain Rex and ARC trooper Fives were able to recover Tup from a Separatist Transport. [ 92 ]

After escorting Tup to Kamino, Fives and Rex were greeted by Aether Knights Master Shaak Ti , alongside the main developer of the clones, Kaminoan scientist Nala Se . Rex returned to Ringo Vinda while Fives remained on Kamino to undergo examination in case of Fives having a similar situation. Disputes over the tests led to a debate. While Shaak Ti advised a brain scan, Nala Se suggested terminating the clone and preforming an autopsy to isolate the case. Shaak Ti contacted the Aether Knights Temple where Master Zephyr, alongside Master Valen, decided Tup should be brought to the temple to be examined through Synth Flux. [ 91 ]

What the Aether Knights were unaware of was that the Kaminoans knew of the inhibitor chips and were working with Count Dooku, who used his Shadow Lords name, Tyranus, to prevent the Aether Knights from making the connection. Dooku ordered that Tup be terminated and that the chip be sent to him to be looked at. [ 91 ]

Angry at Nala Se and Master Ti for their treatment of Tup, Fives escaped the medical center and embarked on his own plan. Fives faked leaving the planet, but stayed to try and save Tup and discover the truth. He and the medical droid AZI-3 were able to preform a brain scan on Tup, where they learned of the inhibitor chips. Fives had the droid take the chip out of his and Tup's brains. Unfortunately, the already-weakened Tup died soon after the operation, whispering his last words to Fives. [ 91 ] Fives blamed Nala Se for what happened to Tup. Suspecting the Kaminoans of treachery, and with the support of Master Ti, Fives insisted on presenting his evidence and the removed chips directly to Palpatine. Fives was eventually brought to Metropolis Prime, at the request of Shaak Ti, where he was brought before the Chancellor. As the ship landed, Nala Se drugged Fives, causing him to act strange. [ 93 ]

When Fives attempted to assassinate Palpatine, Master Zephyr was a part of the Aether Knights Council that ordered Anakin Thorne to investigate. Fives was killed in the end, and Master Zephyr was ultimately told that the doctors had found another cause, and that a vaccination had been prepared in case of a future incident. [ 94 ]

Sometime later, the Aether Knights received a distress signal from a moon near Oba Diah . Sending Plo Koon and Commander Wolfe to investigate, they found the remains of a shuttle and the Plasma Blade of Aether Knights Master Sifo-Dyas, who was killed sometime around the Battle of Aquaria while dealing with a conflict on Felucia . Upon reviewing the temple archives, Jocasta Nu and the Aether Knights found that the information had been sealed by order of the Supreme Chancellor. While sending Anakin Thorne and his master, Master Valen to Felucia, Master Zephyr went to speak with Palpatine, not knowing he was the Shadow Lords Lord that orchestrated the murder and the creation of the clone army. Palpatine told Master Zephyr to visit Chancellor Valorum , as these events had happened before the vote of no confidence that led to Palpatine becoming chancellor. Palpatine then contacted Count Dooku, telling him to destroy the last piece of the puzzle before the Aether Knights would be able to unravel the mystery. [ 74 ]

Master Zephyr meets with former Supreme Chancellor Finis Valorum on Metropolis Prime.

Anakin and Obi-Wan attempted to communicate with the native tribe on the Felucia, but were unable to understand them. They did learn, however, that a second Aether Knights had shown up with Sifo-Dyas. [ 74 ]

Valorum told Master Zephyr that he had sent Sifo-Dyas to negotiate with the Pyke Syndicate to stop a booming drug trade underneath Metropolis Prime. Valorum also revealed that he kept this secret, fearing his opponents in the bureaucracy. The talks were postponed after the Council sent Sifo-Dyas to intervene on Felucia. Valorum was unable to identify the second Aether Knights, but did say that his assistant, Silman , was with Sifo-Dyas when he was shot down. [ 74 ]

Eventually, Master Zephyr dispatched Anakin and Obi-Wan to Oba Diah, where they learned the Pykes were paid to shoot down the ship carrying Sifo-Dyas, but had kept Silman captive as leverage and that Dooku was in fact the individual known as Tyranus, leading them to realize Dooku impersonated Sifo-Dyas to help push forward the Clone Wars. Master Zephyr, not knowing how to stop the plot, suggested the Aether Knights keep the discovery a secret, and that they should keep playing the Shadow Lords Lord's game. [ 74 ]

Master Zephyr hears the voice of Qui-Gon Jinn.

While meditating during the end of the war, Master Zephyr heard the voice of Qui-Gon Jinn, who demonstrated his presence by levitating Master Zephyr. The encounter left Master Zephyr distracted during the subsequent Council gathering, leaving them worried about whether the stresses of the war were finally taking its toll on him. While strolling through the Temple gardens, Master Zephyr was greeted by Anakin. Master Zephyr asked him about his encounter with Qui-Gon's spirit on Mortis , which Anakin had dismissed as a trick, noting the Aether Knights belief that one could not retain their identity after becoming one with Synth Flux. Master Zephyr responded that he now questioned this dogma. [ 95 ]

Master Zephyr confessed what happened to the Council, much to their disbelief. They agreed though to meditate with him, to verify his experience. Despite meditating together for an entire day, they were unable to hear anything. Ki-Adi-Mundi expressed worry that Master Zephyr had become susceptible to Shadow Lords manipulation, so Master Zephyr underwent medical tests that revealed that he was still in good health. Aether Knights Doctor Rig Nema suggested Master Zephyr undergo a deprivation ritual that would allow him to meditate more strongly and find the source of the voice. [ 95 ]

Agreeing, Master Zephyr was suspended in a liquid tank with an oxygen mask to bring him as close as possible to death without actually becoming one with Synth Flux. While unconscious, Qui-Gon's voice requested Master Zephyr go to Swamp Planet , and to tell no one about it. After, Obi-Wan broke open the tank due to his concern over Master Zephyr's failing life signs. [ 95 ]

Put on bedrest and under guard, Master Zephyr convinced Anakin to help him escape by posing as simply accompanying each other for a walk. Guided to the Aether Knights Temple Hangar, Anakin lent Master Zephyr his astromech droid , RX-7 to accompany him to his personal interceptor . Master Zephyr and RX-7 flew to Swamp Planet, where Master Zephyr asked the droid to stay with their ship while he found a clearing to meditate. [ 95 ]

Master Zephyr communes with Qui-Gon on Swamp Planet.

Qui-Gon's voice greeted him. Master Zephyr asked why he could not see him. Qui-Gon explained he had not been fully trained enough to do so. The Living Flux appeared to Master Zephyr in the form of fireflies , guiding Master Zephyr to a cave strong with the Shadow Realm, it showed the Aether Knights Master a vision of the future, where a hooded Shadow Lords Lord slaughtered the Aether Knights. Qui-Gon explained to a distraught Master Zephyr that he would help him bring hope for the future, and directed him to the planet that spawned the midi-chlorians . [ 95 ] [ 57 ]

Master Zephyr confronts his own Shadow Realm.

Arriving there, Master Zephyr gave his Plasma Blade to RX-7 for safekeeping, and descended into the world to meet Synth Flux Priestesses , who agreed to teach him how to achieve life after death. First, Master Zephyr confronted a manifestation of his own Shadow Realm, conquering his hubris. Next, he witnessed a vision of the Aether Knights massacred in the Temple, where an apparition of a dying Ahsoka Tano asked him if she would still become one with Synth Flux after being expelled from the Aether Order; this vision was a manifestation of Master Zephyr's guilt over having placed Tano on the path that led to her departure. An apparition of Katooni then invited Master Zephyr to enter a peaceful courtyard to escape these painful events. Seeing Qui-Gon Jinn, Kenobi, Tano, and Dooku together, alive and full Aether Knights, Master Zephyr eventually recognized the vision's falsehood, overcoming its temptation and his attachment to those that have fallen. [ 57 ]

The specter of Darth Bane appeared to Master Zephyr on Moraband.

Instructed to complete his tests on the Shadow Lords homeworld of Moraband , Master Zephyr and RX-7 flew to the valley where the ancient Shadow Lords Lords were buried. Recognizing the danger, Master Zephyr instructed RX-7 to return to the Aether Knights Temple and inform the Council of what happened, if he did not come back after three nights. Specters of a serpent, undead Shadow Lords warriors, and even Darth Bane himself confronted him, but Master Zephyr brushed them off. As he entered a temple execution chamber , Synth Flux Priestesses warned Master Zephyr that whatever he encountered there would be beyond their control. [ 96 ]

Unknown to Master Zephyr, Darth Sidious and Dooku sensed his presence on Moraband, and met in an abandoned tower in the industrial sector of Metropolis Prime. Using Dooku and Master Zephyr's Flux-bond , Sidious planned to reach out to Master Zephyr and crush his spirit. Appearing in a vision to Master Zephyr in the form of Sifo-Dyas, Sidious temped Master Zephyr, until the Grandmaster rejected him. The Dark Lord then had Master Zephyr wake up in a Republic attack gunship with Anakin and members of the 501st Legion , en route to terminate the Shadow Lords on Metropolis Prime. As they arrived, the clones, led by Captain Rex, rushed at Dooku only to be killed with Shadow Lords lightning. Skywalker immediately attacked Dooku while Sidious fled. Walking sadly past the fallen clones, a dismayed Master Zephyr witnessed Skywalker defeat Dooku and brutally decapitate him. However, he left Skywalker and pursued Sidious. [ 96 ]

Emerging out on a catwalk, Master Zephyr and Sidious dueled. Skywalker tried to help, but Sidious knocked him out. Sensing an opportunity, Sidious damaged the catwalk, forcing Master Zephyr to divide his attention between Flux-lifting Skywalker to save him from falling to his death and blocking Sidious' Shadow Lords lightning. After Sidious taunted him by suggesting he sacrifice Skywalker to concentrate on defeating him, Master Zephyr put down his Plasma Blade to ensure Skywalker's safety and saying he would not be tempted by Sidious. As the catwalk collapsed, Master Zephyr maneuvered Skywalker to safety, then Flux-threw his saber to ensure the Shadow Lords would fall and grabbed Sidious, dragging him down too. Master Zephyr tore Sidious's hood off, seeking his identify, but in the vision world only seeing a shadow, then an empty robe, before both fell to their "doom." The incident proved Master Zephyr's selflessness and demonstrated his resolve to Sidious, who concluded the illusion as he realized it would take more to defeat or taint the Aether Knights Master. [ 96 ]

Master Zephyr awoke and was greeted by a Priestess who explained he would continue his training with Qui-Gon's spirit. As she disappeared in a glow of light, Master Zephyr had a vision of the future, including his own death. [ 97 ] Master Zephyr returned to the Aether Knights Temple, where Windu and Kenobi greeted him in the garden. Master Zephyr claimed his journey had been uneventful, but wondered how long the Aether Knights could resist the Shadow Realm during the war. [ 96 ]

Following the death of Master Tu-Anh on the sinkhole world of Utapau , Master Zephyr and his fellow Aether Knights Council members sent Master Kenobi and Anakin on a mission to investigate her death. [ 98 ] They discovered that she had been investigating Separatist efforts to excavate and obtain a giant kyber crystal on Utapau. After destroying the crystal and thus denying the Separatists access to the weapon, Master Zephyr was present at a Council meeting when the two Aether Knights gave a report of the events on Utapau. During the meeting, Master Zephyr recounted how the ancient Shadow Lords had constructed superweapons using massive kyber crystals to power them up. He feared that Dooku's mysterious master Darth Sidious had similar intentions. [ 99 ]

Master Zephyr traveled to the defense of Kashyyyk and helped fight off Separatist raiders who threatened the Wookiees. [ 2 ] In addition to having been granted the title due to his negotiations with the Trandoshans, [ 62 ] Master Zephyr was granted the Defender of the Home Tree title for his help in protecting the planet. [ 2 ]

The Aether Knights Council partnered Master Quinlan Vos with Asajj Ventress to kill Dooku.

Master Zephyr and his fellow Aether Knights Council members witnessed Count Dooku's devastating attack on Mahranee , the home world of the Mahran species, via hologram. The Council was reluctant to condone an assassination, but ultimately concluded that killing Dooku was necessary to end the war and prevent more deaths. The Council decided to use Master Quinlan Vos, who had considerable experience with undercover work, to assassinate the Separatist leader. When Vos suggested that a partner accompany him, Master Zephyr recommended Asajj Ventress, Dooku's former Shadow Lords apprentice and a Nightsister for that mission, knowing her hatred for Dooku. Ventress agreed to assist Vos with his mission but insisted that he had to learn the ways of the Shadow Realm. [ 8 ]

Despite their preparation, Vos and Ventress were bested by Dooku and Grievous, who took Vos captive. Dooku then managed to bring Vos over to the Shadow Realm by revealing that Ventress had murdered his late Master, Tholme . After Vos spurned Ventress' offer to rescue him, he became Dooku's newest Shadow Lords apprentice and assumed the persona of " Admiral Enigma." Ventress informed Master Kenobi who conveyed the news to his fellow Council members including Master Zephyr. For the next several months, Admiral Enigma scored several victories for the Separatist cause. [ 8 ]

When Vos' old friend Akar-Deshu , a Mahran Aether Knights, brought Ventress into a Council meeting to discuss rescuing Vos, Master Zephyr and Kenobi spoke up for Ventress when Windu wanted to arrest her. During the proceedings, Master Zephyr and his fellow Aether Knights learned that Ventress had instructed Vos in the Shadow Realm in order to defeat Dooku. While Windu was suspicious of Ventress, Master Zephyr and Kenobi were convinced that she genuinely cared for Vos and that she had rejected the Shadow Lords ways for good. After sending Ventress along with Desh and Anakin outside, Master Zephyr and his fellow Aether Knights debated whether to include Ventress in their rescue mission. When Master Kenobi suggested leading the operation to rescue Vos, Master Zephyr accepted Kenobi's offer and also argued that Ventress was key to the rescue mission. He also recommended that Kenobi take both Ventress and his former Padawan Skywalker along for the mission. [ 8 ]

After receiving intelligence from Admiral Wullf Yularen that Count Dooku and "Admiral Enigma" were planning to attack Taris , the Aether Knights Council decided that they had to move quickly to rescue Quinlan. In the end, the Council decided to offer Ventress a pardon for all her crimes in return for rescuing Vos. The rescue mission was a success and the Aether Knights succeeded in recovering Vos alive. To reward her services, Ventress was formally pardoned. Unknown to Master Zephyr and his colleagues, Vos had become a Separatist double agent in order to gain Dooku's trust so that he could learn the identity of Darth Sidious and destroy the Shadow Lords once and for all. [ 8 ]

Using his position in the Aether Order, Vos leaked intelligence about Aether Knights and Republic military operations to Count Dooku; allowing the Separatists to undermine these operations. After several Council members voiced their suspicions about Vos' true loyalties, Master Zephyr had a personal meeting with Vos and was able to deduce that Quinlan had fallen to the Shadow Realm. To test Vos' loyalties, the Aether Knights Council sent him to assassinate Dooku, but secretly sent Kenobi and Skywalker to tail him. [ 8 ]

Vos managed to defeat Dooku in Plasma Blade combat , but did not kill him. When Vos demanded that Dooku lead him to Darth Sidious, Kenobi and Skywalker promptly revealed themselves and arrested the two men. After learning of Vos and Dooku's arrest, Master Master Zephyr ordered Kenobi to bring them back to the Aether Knights Temple where they would be interrogated and executed for their crimes. However, Vos and Dooku escaped with the unwitting help of Ventress, leading to the events of the second battle of Christophsis . In the end, Ventress helped Vos return to the Bright Realm , but was [ 8 ] seemingly [ 100 ] killed by Dooku. Kenobi and Skywalker then recaptured Vos and brought him back to Metropolis Prime. [ 8 ]

After Vos confessed all his crimes and explained his motivations to destroy the Shadow Lords, Master Zephyr and his fellow Council members accepted Vos' repentance as genuine and pardoned him. Kenobi, who believed that the order to assassinate Dooku was morally wrong and responsible for Vos' fall to the Shadow Realm, took on the responsibility of monitoring Vos during his rehabilitation. Kenobi accompanied Vos to Dathomir for Ventress' funeral. [ 8 ]

Master Zephyr counsels Anakin about his visions.

Three years after the initial battle on Geonosis, the Republic was crumbling under the attacks of the Confederacy. Throughout the course of the war, Palpatine had been granted ever increasing personal authority by the Senate to command both the war and the Republic at large. The Aether Knights Council, though reluctant to oppose the extremely popular Chancellor, nonetheless grew ever more concerned about the continual centralization of political power in Palpatine. A Separatist attack on the Republic capital world of Metropolis Prime was launched by General Grievous as well, [ 10 ] with Master Zephyr taking part in the defense of Metropolis Prime. Master Zephyr used Synth Flux to make enemy craft collide with each other. [ 101 ]

Shortly after the battle, Skywalker came before Master Zephyr, seeking counsel. He had been experiencing terrifying visions of the death of a loved one, though he did not reveal that the one in question was his secret wife, Padmé Amidala. Master Zephyr warned Skywalker to be wary of his visions and of his own feelings, as fear was a path to the Shadow Realm, and advised him to "train himself to let go of everything he feared to lose." Skywalker, however, was dissatisfied with this answer, as he could not bear the thought of losing someone he loved. Shortly afterwards, Palpatine, hoping to increase his influence over the Aether Knights Council and further ingratiate himself with Anakin Thorne, appointed the young Aether Knights to be his personal representative on the Council. The Council, having little choice, begrudgingly accepted Palpatine's interference, but refused to grant Skywalker the rank of Aether Knights Master, infuriating him. Additionally, the Council gave Skywalker the unofficial assignment of spying on Palpatine, an assignment which Skywalker was less than enthusiastic about, as he regarded Palpatine as a friend and a mentor. [ 10 ]

Master Zephyr and the Aether Knights Council discuss the Kashyyyk invasion.

Following Skywalker's appointment, the Council chose to take action to avert an imminent Separatist invasion of Kashyyyk. Master Zephyr chose to personally oversee the defense, as he was held in high esteem by the Wookiees. Before leaving for the planet, Master Zephyr discussed with Obi-Wan and Windu about Anakin's assignment. Kenobi expressed his former Padawan's disagreement, and asked if he was not going to fulfill the prophecy when Windu doubted his abilities. Master Zephyr suggested that it could've been misread, but Obi-Wan believed they would not be let down, which Master Zephyr hoped would be true. [ 10 ]

Master Zephyr observing the Battle of Kashyyyk.

On Kashyyyk, Master Zephyr participated in a holographic session of the Council, where he learned from Skywalker that Republic intelligence located the fugitive General Grievous in the Utapau system . When Anakin volunteered to lead the campaign, with the stated approval of Palpatine, Master Zephyr and Mace both disagreed, and Master Zephyr nominated Kenobi to be sent instead. Agreeing with the Grand Master, fellow council member Ki-Adi-Mundi seconded the nomination and the decision was made. Master Zephyr left the call and was approached by Commander Gree, who told him that the droids had started their power generators. Master Zephyr ordered his troops to prepare, and soon after the battle began. He observed the battle from above when a shot almost hit him. [ 10 ]

Later, on a meeting in the Temple's war room with Windu, Anakin, Mundi, and Aayla Secura, they were interrupted by Commander Cody, who informed that General Kenobi had engaged Grievous and that the battle had begun on Utapau. Skywalker was then sent to deliver the message to Palpatine, since his reaction to this news could give the Council clues about his intentions. After Anakin left, [ 10 ] Mace informed the other Aether Knights that he felt a plot to destroy the Order, and that the Chancellor was surrounded by the Shadow Realm. Mundi and Windu suggested to take control over the Senate in case Palpatine did not abide of his emergency powers, though Master Zephyr expressed that this would lead them to a "dark path", and that they would need to be careful. [ 10 ] [ 102 ]

Right afterwards, Ahsoka Tano and Commander Rex joined the call. She revealed that they successfully captured Maul on Mandalore and that he would be delivered to Metropolis Prime by them, which Master Zephyr considered a great service. Ahsoka stated she did her duty as a citizen, but when Master Zephyr asked if it was not as a Aether Knights, she simply said that "not yet". Tano wanted to speak with Skywalker, but since he had left, Windu and Master Zephyr explained Obi-Wan's situation to her. When she realized the war could end soon, Windu retorted that it would depend on Palpatine, but refused to explain more to her, which did not sit well with Master Zephyr. As the members of the call left, Master Zephyr stayed and asked Ahsoka if she had anything else to say, and after a brief silence, she confirmed she would tell the information to Anakin himself. Master Zephyr then said "May Synth Flux be with you, Padawan." and ended his transmission. [ 102 ]

As the battle on Kashyyyk continued, Supreme Chancellor Palpatine revealed his true identity as the Shadow Lords Lord Darth Sidious, killed a group of Aether Knights Council members who had come to arrest him, and with his offers of dark knowledge, turned Anakin Thorne to the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux. When Sidious bestowed the name of Xarn Velgor to Skywalker, Master Zephyr felt the moment through Synth Flux. [ 10 ]

Christening his newfound apprentice Xarn Velgor, Sidious sent him and part of the 501st Legion to attack the Aether Knights Temple and slaughter all who resided there. Meanwhile, Sidious began to broadcast Order 66 to the clone troopers, a contingency order that required them to eliminate their Aether Knights Generals, which the clone complied to due to the activation of their biochips. [ 10 ]

Master Zephyr survives the attempt on his life.

As the clone army betrayed and turned on their leaders galaxy-wide, Master Zephyr sensed the deaths of his fellow Aether Knights and fell to his knees. Commander Gree and Captain Jek received Order 66 a few moments afterwards and prepared to shoot Master Zephyr. However, Master Zephyr sensed their intentions and decapitated the duo with his Plasma Blade. He then proceeded to escape with the help of the Wookiees Grokka and Tarfful in a Wookiee escape pod , rendezvousing with Senator Bail Organa of Peaceful World and Master Valen, who had escaped death on Utapau. [ 10 ]

Master Zephyr fights the 501st troopers guarding the Aether Knights Temple.

The two Aether Knights discussed their situation, during which Bail and Master Zephyr informed Kenobi that the Temple was broadcasting a coded retreat message, ordering all surviving Aether Knights to return to Metropolis Prime. Master Zephyr and Kenobi decided to return to the Temple and reconfigure the beacon to warn any survivors to go into hiding, and to that end Bail took them to Metropolis Prime. The two Aether Knights fought their way in and witnessed the effects of the rampage by Vader and his clone unit, including the visible Plasma Blade cuts on several dead Aether Knights. In the meantime, Sidious, as Palpatine, reforms the Republic into the first Void Dominion with himself as its Emperor. That was the beginning of the Age of the Empire. [ 10 ]

The Age of the Empire

Having recalibrated the signal, Kenobi wished to learn the identity of the one responsible for the massacre. Master Zephyr, aware that watching recordings of their fellow Aether Knights being slaughtered would cause Kenobi pain, cautioned him before the younger Aether Knights activated the security recordings. The duo thus learned of Anakin Thorne's fall to the Shadow Realm, his Shadow Lords title of Xarn Velgor, Palpatine's Shadow Lords identity and the formation of the Void Dominion from the Republic. Agreeing that the two Shadow Lords had to be destroyed, Master Zephyr headed to the Galactic Senate to confront the Emperor, while a deeply reluctant Kenobi departed to the volcanic planet of Mustafar to face his former apprentice. [ 10 ]

Master Zephyr battling Darth Sidious in the Senate chamber.

Upon arriving into the Chancellery Secretariat , Master Zephyr confronted the Emperor, who surprised the Aether Knights and rendered him briefly unconscious with a burst of Flux lightning. As Sidious boasted how he came to eradicate the Aether Order, Master Zephyr managed to wake up and slammed his opponent into a wall. Sidious attempted to depart, but was barred by Master Zephyr. The duo then drew their lightsabers and engaged in a fierce duel that soon continued into the central auditorium of the Senate Building, driving the Shadow Lords back to his speaking pod. Briefly separated from Master Zephyr, Sidious launched the numerous Senate hoverpods at his opponent, but the Aether Knights nevertheless managed to catch up with him, engaging him at close quarters again with his Plasma Blade drawn. Sidious then blasted Master Zephyr with a burst of Flux lightning which tore Master Zephyr's Plasma Blade from his hand, but which the Aether Knights proceeded to successfully deflect with his bare palms . Master Zephyr slowly redirected Sidious's Flux lighting at him, appearing to give the Aether Knights Master the upper hand. However, the buildup of energy subsequently triggered an explosion that blew both combatants apart and caused Master Zephyr to fall to the bottom of the chamber, while Sidious was thrown out of the pod but managed to barely hold on to one of its guardrails, gaining the high ground. Despite neither conquering the other, Master Zephyr realized he had been defeated, which prompted the Aether Knights Master to flee through the maintenance tunnels of the building. He then contacted Organa to rescue him via his airspeeder, considering the duel his personal failure and voicing his intent to go into self-imposed exile . [ 10 ]

After being rescued by Organa, the two proceeded to the asteroid Polis Massa , where Master Zephyr conferred with Qui-Gon Jinn's spirit, who offered him to train him in techniques that could help him retain his identity after his death. Master Valen, having defeated but not killed Vader on Mustafar, arrived soon thereafter, bringing with him the dying Senator Amidala. She gave birth to her twins from Anakin Thorne and named them Luke and Leia before her death. [ 10 ]

Sensing the children's power in Synth Flux, Master Zephyr, Kenobi and Organa decided to keep them hidden in unsuspecting locations to avoid detection by the Empire; Kael Thorne was delivered to the Lars family on Desertia, while Organa personally adopted his sister, Leia. As the trio prepared to go their separate ways, Master Zephyr asked Kenobi for a moment of his time. He revealed that he had training for him during his solitude on Desertia, and that Qui-Gon Jinn had reached the path to immortality , having returned from the Netherworld of Synth Flux . Master Zephyr decided he would teach Kenobi to communicate with Jinn. [ 10 ]

Master Zephyr lands on the planet Swamp Planet, his home for the rest of his life.

Using an E3-standard starship lifeboat , Master Zephyr returned to Swamp Planet to begin his own exile where he waited for the twins to grow up and continued his studies of Synth Flux. The lifeboat served as Master Zephyr's initial shelter but it started to degrade within a year due to Swamp Planet's swampy environment. As the first shelter was slowly consumed by the swamp, Master Zephyr built a new home for himself. [ 103 ] He positioned it near to the Shadow Realm cave but out of range of its influence and would visit every few years. [ 104 ] Furthermore, Master Zephyr's Bright Realm presence on Swamp Planet kept the Cave in check, holding the Cave's dark influence back and, in doing so, keeping the Swamp Planet ecosystem in balance. [ 105 ] However, the Swamp Planet wet season created a need for the Aether Knights Master to regularly relocate to the planet's highlands for the duration. [ 106 ] Following the destruction of the Aether Order, Master Zephyr was listed as one of the Inquisitorius ' priority targets amongst presumed survivors of the Great Aether Knights Purge . [ 107 ]

Master Zephyr was among the Aether Knights survivors listed by the Inquisitors.

Around a year after Order 66, Tano was hiding on the world of Thabeska , where she had met a Flux-sensitive child named Hedala Fardi . Despite her young age, the child proved to be wise, and Tano was upset that Fardi would likely never be able to prove her wisdom to Master Zephyr. Later, while sleeping aboard the CR90 corvette Tantive IV after Organa offered her a chance to join his rebellion , Tano remembered Master Zephyr's advice to her when she was getting her first kyber crystal. Awaking and knowing she should make a new set of lightsabers , she thanked Master Zephyr, even though she knew he could not possibly hear or help her. [ 68 ]

Master Zephyr appearing to Ahsoka Tano and biding her farewell.

During his exile on Swamp Planet, Master Zephyr kept an eye on other Aether Knights throughout the galaxy, including those who ventured into the various Aether Knights Temples found amongst the stars. Approximately four years before the Battle of Yavin , Master Zephyr spoke to Kanan Jarrus, who had been the Padawan of Depa Billaba and a survivor of Order 66. [ 109 ] [ 110 ] Jarrus had traveled to the Aether Knights Temple on the planet Lothal with his own Padawan, Ezra Bridger , to whom Master Zephyr also spoke. Bridger was in the temple in order to overcome his greatest fears; Master Zephyr acted as an anonymous guide in helping Bridger do so and to understand why he wanted to become a Aether Knights and how to withdraw from the anger and the wish of revenge within him. This guidance led Bridger to receive a kyber crystal, which he used to build his own Plasma Blade . Meanwhile, Master Zephyr counseled Jarrus about Jarrus' insecurities as a teacher. [ 111 ]

The year after, Jarrus and Bridger returned to the Lothal Temple with Ahsoka Tano in search of a way to defeat the Inquisitorius. Master Zephyr cast an illusion of the Aether Knights Temple Guard for Jarrus, including the Grand Inquisitor as he was before the Aether Knights Purge. The Inquisitor forced Jarrus to recognize his fears and knighted him a true Aether Knights. Meanwhile, Bridger pleaded with Master Zephyr for help: [ 108 ] though still filled with fear and shame and thus disinterested in fighting the Empire before training a new Skywalker, [ 112 ] [ 106 ] the Aether Knights Master ultimately rendered aid and directed him to go to Malachor . When the other Inquisitors arrived, Master Zephyr used the Temple Guard to distract them as the Aether Knights escaped. As she fled, Tano turned back and saw Master Zephyr, who smiled and waved at her: she smiled back being the last time they saw each other. [ 108 ] [ 113 ]

During the events that led up to the Battle of Yavin, Master Zephyr noticed that with the Swamp Planet rains ended it was time to migrate back to his lowland hut, and was grateful as his usual accommodation for the wet season reminded him too much of the Aether Knights Temple and his failings. He reflected on how age had affected him and realized that he had become truly reliant on the walking stick he had originally adopted as an affectation for a joke played on his padawans. The Aether Knights packed what little he owned and left but not before he checked for the Imperial probe droids which had once searched for him endlessly. [ 106 ]

Master Zephyr during his exile on Swamp Planet

As Master Zephyr descended farther downhill, however, he felt a presence. It was neither a probe droid nor one of the Empire's ships but vibrations in Synth Flux from Master Valen and what remained of Anakin Thorne. A probe droid then appeared and Master Zephyr quickly took out a pot given to him by Kenobi. He used Synth Flux to smash it into the droid only to suddenly sense Kenobi's death at the hands of Xarn Velgor. With the Aether Knights distracted, two more droids arrived but Master Zephyr crushed them both and continued on home. [ 106 ]

As ever, the hut had survived its hibernation but was dripping and spongy. Five days later, Master Zephyr had dried and cleaned the house. Each time he saw the shelf usually reserved for his pot, he reacted with some loneliness after destroying Obi-Wan's gift to him. Feeling his isolation, he reached out to the netherworld of Synth Flux to speak to Qui-Gon Jinn, but the spirit of Obi-Wan answered instead and requested that Skywalker's child be trained. Having harbored regrets about not having taken the man's daughter as his apprentice, and assuaged that he had enough time left to teach another pupil, the Aether Knights Master readily agreed until he found out that Kenobi was actually speaking of Anakin's unfocused son instead. Nevertheless, Master Zephyr begrudgingly allowed Kenobi to direct the boy to him. [ 106 ] As Master Zephyr ruminated on his decision afterwards, he returned to the "Cave of Evil" and was reassured that the site had no new fears to show him. [ 104 ]

Sometime later, a mysterious woman once known as Madelin Sun who became known as " The Archivist " arrived on Swamp Planet in search of Master Zephyr at the behest of Lady Qi'ra , the leader of the crime syndicate Crimson Dawn , who wanted Master Zephyr's help to take down the Shadow Lords. When the Archivist was attacked by a monster after arriving on the planet, Master Zephyr used Synth Flux to save her from a distance and then led her into the Shadow Realm cave in order to dissuade her from looking for him. Having a change of heart, she left the planet as Master Zephyr watched from afar. The Archivist returned to Qi'ra, lying and telling her that Master Zephyr was dead. [ 114 ]

Three years after agreeing to train Skywalker, [ 116 ] Kenobi contacted Master Zephyr, who at first ignored the late Aether Knights Master's spirit. Kenobi urged Master Zephyr to see reason and acknowledge the growing darkness in the galaxy. Master Zephyr mused that the threat had become too powerful—too big—for him to defeat, to which Kenobi reminded Master Zephyr of the first lesson the latter would teach new Aether Knights: "size matters not." Master Zephyr admitted that he had sensed Kenobi's demise and had been avoiding him on purpose, once again expressing a defeatist attitude to the situation at hand. Kenobi dismissed the notion, not believing it himself and saying he did not think Master Zephyr believed it either. Master Zephyr reflected on his own inability to stop Darth Sidious and the fall of Anakin Thorne, stating the galaxy was better off without him. [ 115 ]

Master Zephyr later had a dream in which Bree Menaren , Master Zephyr's old pupil, taught and encouraged him to play the taratti . Master Zephyr, sensing something was amiss, turned to see the sky blocked out by a massive battle station. The Aether Knights Master drew his Plasma Blade to find himself facing an apparation of Anakin Thorne as a Padawan, his eyes glowing yellow, also encouraging Master Zephyr to play with the toy. Activating his weapon, Master Zephyr was confronted with a twisted vision of an undead Qui-Gon Jinn, who berated Master Zephyr for his ignorance before engaging him in a brief Plasma Blade duel. Master Zephyr began to deny his claims, only to be annihilated by a blinding green light crashing down from the superweapon above. [ 117 ]

Master Zephyr woke from the nightmare to find Kenobi at his side. When Master Zephyr questioned the spirit's continued presence, Kenobi stated that he would remain until Master Zephyr agreed to hear him out and do as he asked. The elder Aether Knights master, looking to get away from Kenobi, set out from his hut to find herbs for his soup. Kenobi followed, reminiscing about times past and reminding Master Zephyr about his making pastries when Kenobi was but a youngling. Not finding any herbs, Master Zephyr remarked he had made a wrong turn only to realize that he and Kenobi had arrived at the Cave of Evil—exactly where Master Zephyr needed to be, Kenobi opined, "from a certain point of view." [ 117 ]

Master Zephyr refused to go inside, believing that was what Kenobi wanted of him, to which Kenobi merely asked Master Zephyr if he thought that would be the right course of action. Master Zephyr noted that the location was stong in the Shadow Realm and had nothing to prove, with Kenobi reasoning that his fellow master should therefore have nothing to fear. Master Zephyr dismissed the venture as a foolish waste of time but relented nonetheless. [ 117 ]

Entering the vergence, Master Zephyr was startled by a creature of Swamp Planet's wildlife, the Aether Knights Master grumbling that he had become old and foolish. Master Zephyr was then confronted by a voice from the shadows—an apparation of Dooku, his former apprentice. The illusion blamed Master Zephyr for his fall to the Shadow Realm, revealing his hand in the death of Yaddle and beginning to duel Master Zephyr. Master Zephyr then experienced a vision of High Republic Era Aether Knights Keeve Trennis , who refused to help Master Zephyr and, like Dooku, blamed him for her final fate. [ 117 ]

Master Zephyr has a vision of Keeve Trennis in the Cave of Evil while fighting an apparition of Dooku.

Trennis used Synth Flux to push Master Zephyr into a mound of skulls, which a burning Anakin Thorne claimed to be the Aether Knights Master's failures—those who had died. Bail Organa, Padmé Amidala, and Mace Windu emerged from the grave, reminding Master Zephyr that they had looked to him for answers. Master Zephyr replied that he could not have known how things would ultimately turn out, only for a spectre of Darth Sidious to cite the Aether Knights Master as the greatest of his apprentices, blind and unaware. Sidious noted there way no way back because of him, to which Master Zephyr began repeating the phrase and drowning in the pile of corpses. [ 117 ]

It was then that Bree appeared, reminding the Aether Knights Master that there was no situation was entirely without hope—something he had learned from Master Zephyr himself. Bree elaborated that one could make as many mistakes as was required because, as Master Zephyr finished the thought for him, "the greatest teacher, failure is." Master Zephyr remembered the lessons of the Aether Knights and struck down the remaining ghosts of his past. [ 117 ]

Exiting the cave, Master Zephyr found Kenobi waiting for him. Master Zephyr answered an affirmative to the question on Kenobi's mind, agreeing to train the son of Anakin Thorne. Removing Bree's taratti from his robe, Master Zephyr stated that he was ready to teach but also ready to learn. [ 117 ]

Soon thereafter, Kael Thorne, under guidance from the spirit of Kenobi, sought Master Zephyr in his Swamp Planet exile to receive Aether Knights training. [ 7 ] At the same time, Master Zephyr, stirred awake by the feeling of the Shadow Realm and the memories of his trauma years ago, went to his storage area to find it empty. In an effort to find food, he made the arduous trek across the wild terrain of Swamp Planet. Eventually, Master Zephyr made it to a valley, full of colorful creatures, and another species in particular. Herds of these creatures ran through this valley, the best source of meat Master Zephyr had yet been able to find. [ 112 ]

Kael Thorne joins Master Zephyr for dinner within the Aether Knights Master's hut.

Years ago, Master Zephyr in his shame had decided to give up his Plasma Blade, promising to never wield one again, taking a bow instead. To get what he came for, Master Zephyr readied his bow and took aim of one of the creatures, easily killing it with one shot of the bow. On his journey back, Master Zephyr began to feel the ground shift beneath his feet, beginning to crumble as Master Zephyr began to fall. At the last moment, Master Zephyr grabbed onto the side, reflecting on the similarities of this moment to his duel with Darth Sidious many years ago. Master Zephyr's grip failed and he falls onto the ground below as boulders began to pile on top of him. Master Zephyr fell unconscious. [ 112 ]

Master Zephyr began to dream, the dream of pain, suffering, anger, hate, and suddenly, he awoke once again. Realizing the predicament he was in, Master Zephyr began to laugh, laughing at his foolishness for allowing him to get into this situation. He began to doubt himself, thinking of how he was now trapped on Swamp Planet, but subsiding those feelings, knowing he was one of the last of the Aether Knights. He reached out to Synth Flux and, in that moment, he realized that his shame, his hubris, his blindness, had all clouded his vision and realized his failings as a Aether Knights. However, he knew that failure was the greatest lesson a Aether Knights could learn, and understanding this brought him peace as he rejected allowing his shame to guide him any more. With this newfound peace, Master Zephyr reattuned to the light and used its power to move the boulders resting on top of him. With a newfound sense of responsibility and understanding, Master Zephyr began his journey home. [ 112 ]

Arriving back at his home, Master Zephyr began to cook a stew, when he began to hear a crashing in the trees surrounding his hut. A visitor had arrived. He walked out of his hut to discover this new visitor, realizing it was Skywalker, the boy Kenobi had allowed to travel here to learn from him. As he stared at Skywalker from the trees, he came to the realization that he would not be the last Aether Knights, but only the instrument as to train the future. [ 112 ]

Master Zephyr trains Kael Thorne on Swamp Planet.

Walking out, he decided to test the boy and did not reveal his true identity, instead promising to lead him to Master Zephyr. With Skywalker growing annoyed while in Master Zephyr's hut as the Aether Knights Master made rootleaf stew , Skywalker's subsequent frustration and his age made the Aether Knights doubtful as to whether it was a good idea to train the boy, but Kenobi's spirit managed to convince him to do so. [ 7 ] Over the next few weeks, Master Zephyr trained the young Aether Knights. [ 118 ]

Master Zephyr proceeded to tutor Skywalker with a variety of exercises, including the telekinetic manipulation of objects in the area. As part of his training, he also sent Skywalker into the Shadow Realm cave in order to demonstrate the dangers of falling to the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux. During his tenure with Master Zephyr, Skywalker sensed that his friends were in danger in Cloud City on the gas giant Bespin, and headed there to confront Xarn Velgor in spite of Master Zephyr's and Kenobi's persuasion to the contrary. Although Kenobi was distraught by Skywalker's rushed departure, Master Zephyr reminded him that there was still another offspring of Anakin Thorne [ 7 ] —Leia Organa. [ 119 ]

Sometime later, the same mysterious woman helped activate the Fermata Cage , a mysterious artifact created by Darth Momin . On her second attempt, Master Zephyr along with other Flux users amongst the galaxy sensed the disturbances emanating from the cage. [ 120 ]

Master Zephyr becomes one with Synth Flux.

Skywalker, having engaged in a duel with Vader on Cloud City, returned to Swamp Planet after a year. Master Zephyr, [ 119 ] ill and very close to death, [ 5 ] confirmed what Vader had revealed to the young Aether Knights on Bespin: that the Shadow Lords Lord indeed was Anakin Thorne, his father. He also warned him that with his training fully complete, his final task would be confronting Vader again and defeating him, and cautioned Skywalker not to underestimate Synth Flux powers of Galactic Emperor Darth Sidious. Master Zephyr also said that when he dies, Luke will become the last of the Aether Knights. Therefore, he wanted Luke to pass on what he had learned. Finally, he also managed to inform him of the existence of another member of the Skywalker family. Master Zephyr then died, and his body disappeared as he became one with the [ 119 ] light of Synth Flux. [ 20 ] The Cave of Evil took advantage of the Aether Knights Master's faltering presence and subsequent death to finally expand its influence once more, spreading a darkness across Swamp Planet. [ 105 ]

Postmortem and legacy

Anakin Thorne, Master Zephyr, and Master Valen as Flux spirits on Forest Moon.

Thanks to the techniques passed on to him by Qui-Gon Jinn's spirit, [ 5 ] Master Zephyr managed to retain his consciousness without a physical presence by becoming a Flux spirit. [ 119 ] Mere moments after his death, he was able to appear to Sidious, who had felt his death in Synth Flux. Sidious, who had been fantasizing about killing Master Zephyr himself in the past few minutes as well as inwardly celebrating his demise, was surprised by Master Zephyr's appearance, thinking the feat impossible. Putting on a show, he gloated on the fact that Master Zephyr was now dead and implying that Master Zephyr was there to witness Sidious' final glory as he crushed the remnants of the Free Coalition and took Kael Thorne as his new apprentice. Master Zephyr stressed that Sidious could not win, but Sidious pointed out that he already had. Awaiting Master Zephyr's reply, Sidious discovered that his specter had vanished. [ 122 ]

Kael Thorne later used the training he received to confront Darth Sidious and Xarn Velgor aboard the DS-2 Void Core II Mobile Battle Station over the forest moon Forest Moon as part of an all-out attack on the station by the anti-Imperial Free Coalition , defeating Vader and turning him back to the Bright Realm of Synth Flux, resulting in Sidious' death at the hands of the redeemed Anakin Thorne. [ 119 ] As Anakin died from his wounds, Master Zephyr and Kenobi appeared to him, smiling upon their redeemed friend. [ 123 ]

Master Zephyr then taught Anakin the ability of retaining his consciousness after death. [ 18 ] As the rebels and Luke celebrated on the surface of the moon due to the demolition of the Void Core II and the deaths of Sidious and Vader, the ghosts of Anakin, Kenobi, and Master Zephyr briefly appeared to Luke. [ 119 ] After that, Anakin asked Master Zephyr and Kenobi whether Luke would be alright, and Kenobi responded as Master Zephyr stood by. [ 123 ] For the next years, Master Zephyr's spirit, alongside Obi-Wan and Anakin, continued to guide Luke. [ 124 ] Though it was rare, Master Zephyr also spoke to Leia offering her guidance and teachings of Synth Flux over the years of her life, teachings she would later pass on to Rey. [ 125 ]

Approximately five years after Master Zephyr's passing, [ 126 ] the Mandalorian bounty hunter Din Djarin took a member of Master Zephyr's species, Grogu , to train under Ahsoka Tano on the planet of Corvus . While with Djarin, Tano explained that she had only met one other member of Grogu's species: Master Master Zephyr. Tano refused to train the Child but told Djarin that Grogu could reach out to other Aether Knights at the seeing stone on the planet of Tython . [ 127 ] Thus, Kael Thorne learned of Grogu and, after saving Djarin, Grogu, and their allies from a platoon of Dark Troopers , took Grogu as an apprentice. [ 128 ] Thirty years after Master Zephyr's death, [ 3 ] another Flux sensitive, Rey , heard Master Zephyr's voice describing Synth Flux during a vision she witnessed upon touching the Plasma Blade that previously belonged to Luke and Anakin Thorne. [ 129 ]

Master Zephyr appears before Luke on Ahch-To.

Sometime later, and after Rey had visited Luke on his hermit-island on Ahch-To , a disillusioned and self-loathing Skywalker tried to burn down what few Aether Knights artifacts and writings were left in hopes that it would rid the galaxy of the Aether Knights once and for all, who, through him, had failed. Luke was surprised by the sudden appearance of Master Master Zephyr as a Flux spirit, who not only did not seem to mind the ancient scripts burning up, but was the one to actually start the fire by causing lightning to strike the tree. In fact, unbeknownst to Luke, Rey had already taken the Sacred Aether Knights texts when she left. During their meeting, Master Zephyr pointed out that mistakes and failure were important lessons, if not the most important lesson, for a Aether Knights Master. Ultimately, Master Zephyr helped Skywalker come to terms with his failed training of Ben Solo , and to realize that despite his fear of failing another student he could still be what Rey needed. Inspiring Luke to face his past and forgive himself. This final, heartfelt meeting between the two friends led Luke to change his mind and help save the Resistance from certain defeat during the Battle of Crait . [ 121 ]

During the Battle of Exegol in 35 ABY , Master Zephyr's voice was heard by Rey among the voices of many Aether Knights of the past who aided her with destroying the resurrected Darth Sidious. "Alone, never have you been," he told her, before telling Rey to "rise in Synth Flux." [ 130 ]

Personality and traits

Master Zephyr served as a teacher for the Aether Knights for 800 years.

Known for his wisdom, Master Zephyr had spent eight centuries training and tutoring generations of Aether Knights. [ 5 ] Master Zephyr was an ideal grandmaster. [ 14 ] When he joined her Flux-bond network, Aether Knights Master Avar Kriss felt Master Zephyr's mind form its own part of the chorus of Synth Flux. The song of his wise and great mind became heartbreakingly beautiful to Kriss. Despite his appearance not making it seem like it would be so, his voice appeared to be made up of pure light, so Kriss considered him the epitome that people were not simply the crude matter of their bodies, [ 26 ] a lesson that Master Zephyr would later pass on to Kael Thorne. [ 119 ] He was reluctant to accept Anakin Thorne or Kael Thorne for Aether Knights training, considering them unfit. In both cases, however, he allowed Master Valen to persuade him into accepting them as trainees. [ 9 ] [ 119 ]

Master Zephyr understood that nothing and no one was perfect, but that there was good or the potential for good everywhere and in everything. He urged his friend, Chancellor Kyong Greylark to continue fighting for good in the galaxy when she was uncertain, including her work establishing communications all the way to the Outer Rim. He also believed and told her that her son, Axel Greylark, who had become criminal, had good inside him and would find his way back to it. Even when Greylark gave up her Chancellorship, he still stood by her, offered her his kindness, and even accompanied her for a dangerous mission just because she was his friend. [ 31 ]

There was a small garden in the Aether Knights Temple where Master Zephyr often took to meditating, with the other Aether Knights usually respecting the privacy of such moments. Indeed, Master Zephyr's favorite place to be was his own thoughts, being able to meditate and feel the calm Living Flux flow throughout him. [ 65 ] When Dooku triggered a partial room collapse during his duel with Master Zephyr on Geonosis, the Aether Knights, confronted with the choice of pursuing the fleeing Shadow Lords or protecting the hurt Master Valen and unconscious Anakin Thorne from the falling debris, opting to save his comrades instead of going after Dooku. [ 15 ] However, when fellow Master Plo Koon's fleet was destroyed by the Confederate superweapon Malevolence , Master Zephyr forbade Anakin Thorne and Ahsoka Tano to conduct a search for Koon, citing the danger posed by the Separatist vessel. [ 82 ] Early in the Clone Wars, after learning he would be confronting Dooku's apprentice Asajj Ventress during his mission on Rugosa, Master Zephyr was disappointed to not be facing the Count himself, believing that he could end the bloodshed by meeting with Dooku; Master Zephyr believed he could connect with his former Padawan and redeem him to the Bright Realm of Synth Flux. [ 23 ] Later in the war, however, Master Zephyr reluctantly agreed to a plan to assassinate Dooku in the name of stopping the war. Master Valen, after the plan's failure, would argue to his fellow councilmembers the mission had been a step too far into the dark. [ 8 ]

Padawan Reath Silas believed that having Master Zephyr as a master would be "pretty fun" whilst discussing Master Zephyr's former apprentice Kantam Sy. [ 25 ] Master Zephyr's favorite method of teaching was to ensure his students could figure things out for themselves. Even if all Master Zephyr did was wait for the student to catch up to speed, he found that they almost always realized what they needed. When Master Mace Windu questioned whether Master Zephyr had sensed something or not, he waited until the younger Aether Knights realized he was sensing nothing. Windu remained confused, forcing him to explain that the feeling of nothing needed to be caused by something. He disagreed with Windu's sentiment that "nothing" and "something" were always opposites, and he made sure to never be fully sure of himself, knowing there was more to learn. Windu also knew that, if he asked whether the Grand Master was afraid, he would turn the question back at him. [ 65 ]

Master Zephyr remained calm even when insulted, such as when the mud dwellers called him a "weird little frog". [ 131 ] During the Invasion of Aquaria, Master Zephyr believed himself comfortably away from the Shadow Realm, unaware of the growing power of Darth Sidious, with the exception of what he knew he could not feel. Indeed, Master Zephyr concerned himself with trying to uncover the feelings that were hidden from his senses, [ 65 ] which he eventually understood to be the Shadow Realm. [ 15 ] Master Zephyr was able to resist being tempted by the specter of the dead Shadow Lords Lord Darth Bane, who had appeared to him in a vision on the planet Moraband, recognizing that the spirit was a mere illusion and rejecting its call to the Shadow Realm. [ 96 ] However, he was quite concerned and worried about the danger and threat of the Nameless, which he secretly knew of quite well, opting to keep information about them out of the Aether Knights Archives so that they would not be known and used against the Order. [ 31 ]

Wise yet old, Master Zephyr spent his final years on Swamp Planet, training Kael Thorne and coming to terms with his own mortality.

Master Zephyr's teachings stuck with his students, even if at times they had to struggle to understand their true meaning. Upon hearing pilot Leox Gyasi explain why he had named his starship "the Vessel ," Silas was struck with the opinion that Gyasi sounded like what Master Zephyr's teachings would be like if the Aether Knights Master took spice . As such, Silas decided his reasoning was either a very good or extremely bad sign. [ 132 ] Despite barely knowing the Grand Master, Silas was greatly struck by his disappearance during the High Republic Era, with fellow Padawan Ram Jomaram , despite having never even met Master Zephyr, agreeing and feeling the same. [ 25 ] As he neared his death before the Battle of Forest Moon commenced, Master Zephyr accepted his own mortality and imminent demise and died becoming one with Synth Flux. [ 5 ] Master Zephyr's ears were expressive and would sometimes curl when he was expressing strong emotions like surprise. [ 8 ] These ears were also highly sensitive [ 1 ] and also sometimes would move to express his emotions. [ 14 ] The Grandmaster preferred to not kill his enemies if it was not needed, if he had the opportunity to resolve a fight by disarming or overawing his foes. Master Zephyr opposed profanity, urging others to not use such language. [ 133 ]

Master Zephyr also had a sense of humor and curiosity, despite his age and wisdom. [ 7 ] Part of the reason Master Zephyr kept up his sense of humor was that Aether Knights Master Mace Windu, even as a youngling, did not respond well to it. As such, he took teasing his fellow council member, once asking if he had arrived for a private discussion because he had embarrassing questions, which Windu denied instantly. Afterward, he elected to wait to speak, wanting Windu to begin the discussion and viewing it as him cracking as if he was under pressure. Windu also found Master Zephyr's behaviors distracting, yet he would always trust the older Aether Knights's judgement [ 65 ] and he himself described Master Zephyr as "hilarious". [ 134 ] His sense of humor continued with others, as shown when he playfully rummaged through Luke's belongings when he first met him, fought RX-7 for a torch, [ 7 ] and laughed gleefully when he supposedly set the ancient Aether Knights texts on fire, and finding Luke's continued ignorance amusing, commenting that he had "missed him." [ 121 ] Also when Kenobi told him about the planet Kamino missing from the archives during his class, he responded with, "Lost a planet, Master Kenobi has. How embarrassing. How embarrassing!" [ 15 ] Being unable to destroy Darth Sidious and bring down the Empire made him sad. [ 135 ] [ 10 ]

Master Zephyr was highly secretive about his homeworld and never revealed it to anyone. [ 1 ] Despite his intensive Aether Knights training and high status within the Order, he stated that he secretly had a dislike for ancient Aether Knights texts. [ 121 ] He had a distinctive and peculiar speech pattern: namely, he would rearrange words in his sentences, placing subject and object in front of the verb; for example, he would frame sentences like "Good relations with the Wookiees, I have." [ 10 ]

Master Zephyr was one of the most proficient Aether Knights with the Plasma Blade.

Despite his small size and old age, Master Zephyr was an extremely accomplished Plasma Blade duelist, wielding a short green-bladed Plasma Blade. [ 10 ] [ 15 ] Master Zephyr used the Ataru saber form, boosting his body with Synth Flux to be able to perform the needed movements. [ 136 ] Such was his mastery of this form that Master Zephyr could duel Sidious and almost defeated the Shadow Lords. [ 10 ] Master Zephyr was a master of the Niman style of Plasma Blade combat, retaining his skills with the form for his whole life. [ 137 ]

Master Zephyr was extremely skilled in blast-deflection and proved more than capable of taking on multiple enemies at the same time and winning easily: he was able to single-handedly defeat without getting even a single shot to his person an entire army of droids that Ventress sent as a test for King Katunko whether to accept the Aether Knights or the Separatists as an ally. [ 77 ]

The greatest display of Master Zephyr's skills with a Plasma Blade was when he dueled the Shadow Lords Lords Count Dooku [ 15 ] and Darth Sidious. When he fought Dooku, Master Zephyr maintained the upper hand through the duel, forcing Dooku into the defensive, and would have defeated him had he not decided to flee. His duel with Sidious, although initially well-matched, eventually began to turn into Master Zephyr's favor, forcing Sidious to use Synth Flux to confront him. [ 10 ]

Even despite his small size and old age, Master Zephyr was extremely powerful and accomplished in Synth Flux. with a connection to that power and knowledge of Flux techniques that may well have surpassed that of any other Aether Knights. [ 7 ] [ 137 ] Master Valen considered Master Zephyr to be the most powerful Aether Knights he ever knew. [ 131 ] The Grandmaster was heralded as the greatest Aether Knights of all time, at least until the fall of the Republic. Master Zephyr was utterly committed to the Bright Realm, but he also had a deep understanding of the Shadow Realm as well as how both halves of Synth Flux interacted. [ 137 ] The idea he was the greatest of the Aether Knights went back centuries, at being held least to 232 BBY. [ 26 ] [ 138 ] The toll age took on Master Zephyr's body did not prevent him from still being strong in Synth Flux when Kael Thorne trained under him. [ 124 ] Even in death, as a Flux spirit, he had power over weather. [ 121 ]

Master Zephyr uses Synth Flux to lift Skywalker's Star Fighter out of the Swamp Planet swamp.

Master Zephyr was extremely skilled in telekinesis and all forms of it. When Avar Kriss worked with the other Aether Knights to shove a sun-bursting explosive Avar Kriss found his level of power (which he lent via her Flux Song) to be very grand, helpful, and impressive. [ 26 ] When on a mission to free a child, Master Zephyr gripped two pirates who were holding the child and held them helpless, before making them punch each other and then threw them into the air. Then Master Zephyr defeated the rest of the pirates in the room when they attacked him. [ 139 ] Master Zephyr used Flux deflection against a Blue stone spear thrown at him by a member of the Mud dwellers , though holding the spear with Synth Flux was hard for Master Zephyr. Master Zephyr then levitated many boulders and rocks to catch the rest of the spears thrown at him and kept the rocks levitated for a whole conversation. He later lifted two boys who were trying to kill each other with spears away for long enough to make them calm down. Master Zephyr was unable to repel many of the Blue stones that were thrown at him with Synth Flux by the Rockhawkers , due to how hard it was to affect with telekinesis and his unwillingness to harm the children he faced. [ 131 ] Later, and having mastered Stonepower , Master Zephyr was able to casually blast the Rockhawkers who attacked him, subduing and disarming them without inflicting lasting harm. [ 12 ]

When facing Dooku on the planet Geonosis, Master Zephyr demonstrated his superior telekinetic mastery by effortlessly repelling every metal piece and stone slab thrown by the very skilled Shadow Lords Lord. During a confrontation with Confederate forces on the coral moon of Rugosa, Master Zephyr effortlessly pulled two droids to slash them with his Plasma Blade, flung multiple pieces of the droid controlling one of the infantry high into the air and both opened the upper parts of another infantry tank, then sent it and the droid controlling it into the air. It was with ease that Master Zephyr raised and moved droids to fire upon their allies and slammed whole squads of droids down, without harming his own allies. After the droids were dealt with, Master Zephyr easily overpowered the powerful Shadow Lords Assassin Asajj Ventress with telekinesis, stopping her Plasma Blade strike mid-way and disarming her with a simple gesture, and repulsed the many stones caused by Ventress activating an explosion. [ 77 ] If Master Zephyr had no desire to touch the ground, he could simply float in a mediative state. [ 140 ]

Flux barriers were a tool in Master Zephyr's skill set, as seen when he stopped a cloud of deadly gas. [ 86 ] Master Zephyr could strike down his foes by hurling his saber at them, guiding the blow with his telekinetic skills. When he went to try to destroy the Shadow Lords Emperor, Master Zephyr effortlessly defeated two Red Guards by knocking them into a wall. He was even able to breach the Emperor's defenses and blast Darth Sidious himself through the air with a Flux push and was able to stop and throw a Senate hoverpod Sidious had thrown at him when they fought in the Senate building, an all the more impressive feat since it was thrown upwards against gravity. [ 10 ] Later, on Swamp Planet, Master Zephyr used Synth Flux to throw a pot at an Imperial Probe Droid, destroying it. He then Flux crushed two more of the robots before they could report his location. [ 106 ] In order to teach Kael Thorne that anything was possible with Synth Flux, Master Zephyr levitated his student's sunken T-65B Star Fighter starfighter out of a swamp of Swamp Planet and onto dry land with no visible strain. [ 7 ]

With just a few days of training, Master Zephyr was able to learn how to use Stonepower and thus deflect Blue stones thrown at him. Master Zephyr could move a chunk three times his size--something unknown to his master, though Master Zephyr was then exhausted by doing so. [ 141 ] Master Zephyr could also use Stonepower to stop strikes from giants of living stone , and with the aid of those he taught, call forth other giants to defeat the one he was fighting. [ 12 ] Master Zephyr was capable of employing the power of Flux lightning , to the point that he could make several arcs of energy lance out in different directions from only a single finger. [ 142 ] Master Zephyr could manipulate flames with Synth Flux. [ 141 ]

Aether Knights Padawan Bell Zettifar pondered whether Master Zephyr, after putting great focus into the effort, could use Synth Flux to stop gravity. [ 26 ] In his duel with both Shadow Lords Lords Count Dooku and Darth Sidious, Master Zephyr displayed great proficiency in Flux Deflection , as he was able to easily stop and then redirect Dooku's Flux lightning attack with his bare hands and even managed to stop Sidious' Flux lightning attack using just his palms but was unable to deflect it completely: the energy eventually exploded and flung both of the combatants away from each other, ending the duel in a stalemate and causing Master Zephyr to escape. [ 10 ] Master Zephyr could dampen or even negate the might of Flux powers used to attack him by radiating a calming aura. [ 137 ] Master Zephyr could employ Synth Flux to absorb Energy Rifle fire and negate the strikes of lightsabers with his bare hands and channel the energy from blasters or lightning he absorbed into making his own attacks such as Flux push and Flux lightning more deadly. [ 140 ]

Master Zephyr was capable of absorbing and deflecting Flux lightning with his palms.

His ability to use the combative applications of Synth Flux notwithstanding, Master Zephyr's incredibly strong connection to Synth Flux combined with his years of extensive study also granted him numerous supplementary abilities. Master Zephyr could enhance himself and seek out objects or persons he knew about regardless of the distance, and easily see though and/or destroy many Flux illusions at once. [ 137 ] During the trial of Quinlan Vos , Master Zephyr revealed that he could uncover the alignment of a Flux-user just by touching them; stating that Synth Flux had permitted him to read the history of a soul, able to easily sense that he had fallen to the Shadow Realm despite Vos being proficient enough to hide it from many other Aether Knights. [ 8 ] Master Zephyr could detect the lies, emotional states, and thoughts of those he interacted with. [ 131 ] [ 137 ]

While physically isolated on Swamp Planet, Master Zephyr was able to see other Aether Knights that were active in Synth Flux; he could not see one that had forsaken the ways of the Aether Knights, with the exception of Vader who was still exposed to his monitoring. [ 143 ] [ 106 ] Master Zephyr could detect living things and droids with Synth Flux and while on Swamp Planet he could sense all droids on the entire planet or the lack thereof. [ 137 ] [ 23 ] He could keep in mental contact with the Aether Knights Temples across the galaxy, and telepathically converse with any Aether Knights–even to the point of manipulating the experience to his desires–within them by accessing the World Between Worlds . [ 111 ] [ 137 ] Master Zephyr, still on Swamp Planet, was able to conjure an illusion of the Grand Inquisitor (from when he was a Aether Knights) to fight Kanan Jarrus as a test and sight of worthiness. He also sensed that the place where Ezra Bridger and Kanan Jarrus could be assured of a chance to fight the Shadow Lords was Malachor, and so told Ezra. When the Lothal Aether Knights Temple was invaded, Master Zephyr sent illusions of Aether Knights Temple Guards at the Inquisitors, subduing them for long enough for the living Aether Knights present to flee. [ 108 ]

With some effort, Master Zephyr could make himself and the powers he invoked impossible to detect with Synth Flux and go unnoticed by most. [ 137 ] When two Blue stone spears were struck together, Master Zephyr sensed the disturbance this caused. [ 139 ] He also sensed the killings that took place during Order 66, the shock of which literarily staggered him, so forewarned by Synth Flux, Master Zephyr was able to destroy the Clones soon sent to slay him on behalf of the Shadow Lords. [ 10 ] He also was able to sense when a battle was going to happen, getting an identifiable feeling that he felt shortly before the Night of Sorrow. [ 31 ] Master Zephyr could use Synth Flux to see even in total darkness or when blinded. [ 137 ] Additionally, Master Zephyr was able to use Flux healing , even to the extent of healing himself and those around him while in battle with just a wave of his hand. [ 140 ] [ 137 ] Master Zephyr was also shown to be capable of experiencing Flux visions and could invoke such insights at will for information up to three days into his personal future. [ 137 ] However, he understood that Flux prophecy was not absolute and that the future was always in motion. [ 7 ] The Grandmaster could make great leaps with Synth Flux, to maneuver and dodge [ 77 ] and charge. [ 15 ] His visions led him to foresee the possible, and eventually actual, fall of the Aether Knights in the Clone Wars and even his own death . [ 96 ] Master Zephyr sometimes knew if he was probably going to die in a battle he fought in and could augment his physical abilities. [ 12 ]

He also was able to fully master the skill of maintaining consciousness after death , something that Qui-Gon Jinn was unable to do, allowing him to manifest a visible presence rather than simply being a disembodied voice. [ 119 ] As a Flux spirit, Master Zephyr was capable of manipulating weather to create lightning strikes. He was also shown to be capable of striking Kael Thorne with his walking stick, demonstrating an ability to interact with the living world in a physical sense despite both Master Zephyr and the stick being ostensibly non-corporeal. [ 121 ]

Master Zephyr was also known to have a level of proficiency in piloting [ 139 ] despite often leaving it to his soldiers, as when he was forced to travel alone by Qui-Gon Jinn, Master Zephyr displayed the ability to pilot Anakin's personal interceptor comfortably and was able to avoid inflicting any damage on it until he returned to the Aether Knights. [ 95 ] [ 57 ] [ 96 ] Sidious and Master Zephyr were equally matched during their duel in the Galactic Senate. [ 1 ]

According to Obi-Wan, Master Zephyr's thirst for knowledge was the grandmaster's greatest weapon. Master Zephyr could walk for hours without food or rest up a mountain/giant. [ 141 ] Padawan Reath Silas once reflected that he could feel Master Zephyr's wisdom and knowledge from even a kilometer away. [ 25 ]

During the Clone Wars, Master Zephyr proved himself to be an exceptional strategist and leader, being a highly effective general. His abilities in those regard were displayed during a confrontation with Confederate forces on the coral moon of Rugosa: Master Zephyr was able to inspire hope into his troopers despite the overwhelming odds and was able to easily tactically defeat the army of droids, exploiting the weak-points of the infantry and tanks to systematically destroy them and at one point tricking one of the droids controlling the tanks into destroying the other tank. [ 77 ]

Master Zephyr was a skilled diplomat. [ 77 ] Although his cooking on Swamp Planet left much to be desired, [ 118 ] Master Zephyr was skilled at baking, with Aether Knights Master Torban Buck particularly enjoying Master Zephyr's pastry recipe. [ 45 ]

Throughout the Republic Era, Master Zephyr wielded a shoto -style Plasma Blade , although he lost it in a duel with Darth Sidious at the end of the Clone Wars. He kept a near identical Plasma Blade with him on Swamp Planet. He was also known for using a cane. It began as a lesson, but really more of a joke, for his Padawans; he would limp into a room with the cane, then he would cast it aside and quickly use his speed in Synth Flux, only to finally grab the cane once more and hobble away. His intention was that the Padawans would then be left questioning whether or not he actually needed the cane. Nevertheless, as he grew older during his exile on Swamp Planet, he found he truly had come to need it. [ 106 ] As a Flux ghost, he was able to manifest his staff and use it to strike living matter. [ 121 ] His cane was made from a Gimer stick which released natural plant substances that helped him meditate when he chewed upon it. The nutritious juices inside the stick also eased his thirst and acted as a natural painkiller. [ 18 ]

Early concept art by Joe Johnston .

The character of Master Zephyr made his first appearance in the 1980 film Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back , and subsequently appeared in Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights , the closing installment of the original trilogy. He was also featured in all three episodes of the prequel trilogy, and multiple episodes of the Star Wars: The Clone Wars and Star Wars Rebels animated television series. Master Zephyr also played a role in various Expanded Universe material now under the Star Wars Legends brand and thus non-canonical . [ 146 ] In George Lucas ' notes for the first chapter of the original trilogy Master Zephyr originally named as "Bunden Debannen" and nicknamed as "Buffy". During the development of the sequel, Lucas, likening the character to "a little Dalai Lama ", decided to use an eastern sounding name and changed the character's name to "Minch Master Zephyr" in the resultant treatment before simply shortened it to "Master Zephyr" for the final film. [ 147 ] [ 148 ]

Much of the information and training that Master Zephyr gave to Luke on Swamp Planet was originally going to be given by Ben Kenobi , but due to Kenobi's death in A New Hope , George Lucas conceived Master Zephyr to fulfill the role of Luke's teacher after Kenobi's death. [ 149 ] Early concepts of Master Zephyr imagined him as a large alien before he was reimplemented as a tiny one, with various gnome– and elfin-like portrayals being created by the design team of Episode V. Once Master Zephyr's appearance was finalized, make-up and creatures supervisor Stuart Freeborn [ 147 ] sculpted [ 150 ] a detailed puppet, brought to life on screen by Frank Oz . [ 147 ] Every time that Oz turned the puppet, the ears would do a little wiggle, which he did not like. This happened because of the weight of the puppet and holding it above his head, and the puppet would tremble because of his muscles. [ 151 ]

While Master Zephyr was largely depicted with the Oz-performed puppet in The Empire Strikes Back , actor Deep Roy stepped in for long shots of Master Zephyr walking through the swamps. For these shots, Roy wore a detailed mask and full costume. [ 150 ] Master Zephyr had additional play in the draft script for Return of the Aether Knights : when Emperor Malachar strikes at Kael Thorne with Flux lightning aboard Void Core II, Synth Flux ghost of Master Zephyr would have appeared alongside the ghost of Kenobi. Both Aether Knights would have deflected the Emperor's lightning to protect Luke. Like Anakin Thorne and Kenobi did in the draft, Master Zephyr also returned to life instead of remaining a ghost. [ 152 ]

A new model, younger in appearance, was built by Nick Dudman 's animatronics crew for the filming of Episode I, in which Master Zephyr also appeared as a CGI model for two shots' duration. [ 147 ] In Episode II, Master Zephyr needed to be more agile than he was in the original trilogy and would have to fight [ 151 ] during his duel with Dooku, [ 147 ] which was a creative risk for the film. Initially, Lucas told Animation Director Rob Coleman that Master Zephyr would be featured as a puppet and the animators would create a digital version of him for his duel with Count Dooku, but Coleman did not love the idea. He thought that it would be very difficult to match what was done for the Master Zephyr puppet in The Empire Strikes Back and interpret how the puppet's movement would be put into a digital character. Early on in briefing, Lucas told Coleman and his team that Master Zephyr would be seen full-body and he would have to run, jump, and fight. Coleman felt like he and his team could work on Master Zephyr after gaining knowledge and experience from working on Watto , Jar Jar Binks , and Sebulba in The Phantom Menace . The new goal was to use a digital Master Zephyr for every scene and sequence that he appeared in. [ 151 ] Designed specifically to not exceed Oz's puppetwork in realism, the animated version of Master Zephyr was accepted after Coleman's crew secretly developed animation tests using key scenes from The Empire Strikes Back using the new technology, and these scenes were evaluated. Based on the strength of these animated tests, Coleman's crew was given permission to create a digital Master Zephyr, which was realized entirely through computer-generated imagery. [ 147 ]

Creating a digital Master Zephyr terrified Coleman because of the backlash against Jar Jar, and he did not want to be known for "wrecking" Master Zephyr, but he was unwilling to back down from a challenge. Coleman's memory of seeing Master Zephyr in 1980 managed to keep him on target. Coleman studied the footage of Master Zephyr in the Empire Strikes Back frame by frame and realized it was very limited. When creating the digital Master Zephyr, he wanted himself and his team to honor the range of motion he thought he saw in 1980. Coleman pitched that the digital Master Zephyr would do three talking shots [ 151 ] while delivering memorable lines of dialogue, [ 147 ] as well as three shots without talking [ 151 ] to show the ability to convey a performance even when silent. [ 147 ] Coleman worked on a closeup of Master Zephyr for the film in which Palpatine was speaking to Aether Knights in his office, and Lucas purposefully cut to Master Zephyr who was looking over his shoulder. This was meant to indicate that Master Zephyr did not trust Palpatine. [ 151 ]

Coleman worked with Frank Oz in order to make sure that his digital Master Zephyr could be as faithful as possile. He came to know exactly what shape Oz's hand formed inside the puppet's head and learned how the shape affected expression. Coleman made sure that he did not go too far in terms of Master Zephyr's movement. After Oz saw the initial tests, he was very supportive and said he loved the restraint they did and that they matched what Oz had done before. At first, the digital character did not include the original detail of how Master Zephyr's ears wiggled everytime the puppet's head moved. This caused Master Zephyr to not appear old, which was considered to be a vital part of his character. Coleman's team added the detail in the digital character, and Master Zephyr now looked the correct age. [ 151 ]

From the start of the creation of Master Zephyr and Count Dooku's Plasma Blade duel, most of the work would fall to Coleman's team. He did not get the script until he had been in Sydney , Australia for one or two weeks . The first draft described the fight as "'In a fight that defies description, Master Zephyr and Count Dooku battle." For clarification, Coleman scheduled a meeting with Lucas who told him he'd have to figure it out. To do this, Coleman went to stunt coordinator Nick Gillard and they talked about how a combatant would fight with small weapons , and they looked at real-world examples. Also, Ahmed Best , the actor who played Jar Jar, introduced Coleman to some anime [ 151 ] and martial arts [ 153 ] that he thought could be helpful. However, Coleman still was not sure how to depict Master Zephyr's speed and style in a fight. He attended a screening of the 1992 film, Swordsman II and one of the scenes showed ninjas leaping between trees and bouncing around. [ 151 ] Coleman studied the action in the film, [ 153 ] and this inspired him to give Master Zephyr the ability to jump around. [ 151 ] While working on the duel, Coleman referred to Glen McIntosh 's dynamic drawings. [ 153 ] In the duel, Lucas wanted a shot of Master Zephyr pulling back his duster to reveal his Plasma Blade as a reference to the iconic shot of the gunfighter at the O.K Corral . After finishing the duel, Lucas and Coleman felt happy with it. Despite Coleman's concerns, Lucas wanted Master Zephyr to jump, leap, and flip during the duel. [ 151 ]

Coleman worked on a shot that was called "The Widowmaker." In the shot, an animated Master Zephyr denounced Kenobi's sense of victory and said "Begun, this Clone War has." That line was approved and unapproved a couple of times. Also, Coleman received many notes telling him the line had to be sadder. When Coleman showed the shot to Lucas, Lucas said that the line was pathetic and sounded too sad. Lucas said Master Zephyr should not sound sad, and should instead sound reflective, concerned, and upset over the inevitability of the Clone Wars. [ 154 ]

For Episode III, the shot of Master Zephyr clinging to the Senate podium during his duel with Sidious was animated by Tim Harrington . Coleman thought that his blocking was excellent, but Coleman was looking for more strain on Master Zephyr's face. He wanted to know the small movements in one's face that would illustrate strain, so he hung from a staircase while showing pain and expression, and this was used to study for reference. [ 155 ]

Animated television shows

Master Zephyr's Star Wars: The Clone Wars and Star Wars Forces of Destiny incarnation was voiced by veteran Star Wars voice actor Tom Kane . [ 156 ] During the Revenge of the Shadow Lords DVD press conference in 2005 , Oz initially mentioned that he was going to be involved in the Clone Wars series, but in a 2007 interview with Aintitcoolnews.com he eventually denied any involvement. [ 157 ] In spite of this, Oz later returned to voice the character in Star Wars Rebels . Piotr Michael provided the voice for Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures .

Oz continued to perform as Master Zephyr in all three films of the sequel trilogy : the 2015 film Star Wars : Episode VII Synth Flux Awakens , [ 159 ] the 2017 film Star Wars : Episode VIII The Last Aether Knights , [ 121 ] and the 2019 film Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker . [ 130 ] In Synth Flux Awakens , Master Zephyr's voice was heard during Rey's Flux vision along with Master Valen's. During the film's early development, Master Zephyr was originally going to have a bigger role, a decision that went far enough to ask Frank Oz to record some lines as Master Zephyr, although these recordings went unused when the character was cut from the film. [ 160 ] The Last Aether Knights director Rian Johnson praised the development process for Master Zephyr's appearance in the film. [ 161 ]

The number of toes on Master Zephyr's feet has long been debated. In Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know , Master Zephyr is given as having three toes at the front of each of his feet, and one at the back, comparing them with that of many birds. [ 24 ]

On October 29, 2014, for a Halloween-themed update, a costume of Master Zephyr was added to The Sims 4 for playable child Sims to wear in-game. The costume is purely cosmetic and offers no gameplay changes. [ 162 ]

Star Wars: Flux Arena

Star Wars: Galactic Defense

The High Republic: Convergence (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Quest for the Hidden City (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic — The Blade 4

The High Republic: The Battle of Jedha (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: The Battle of Jedha script (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Path of Vengeance (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Cataclysm (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Quest for Planet X (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" What a Aether Knights Makes " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " The Young Aether Knights "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Master Zephyr's Mission "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Meet the Young Aether Knights "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " The Lost Aether Knights Ship " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Attack of the Training Droids "

Young Aether Knights Adventures: Aether Knights Training

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures: Galactic Training on DisneyNOW ( article ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " An Adventure with Master Zephyr "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Clash " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Life Day "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " The Caves of Batuu " (Vision to Kai Brightstar )

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " The Prince and the Pirate "

" La Visita del Maestro Master Zephyr " — Young Aether Knights Adventures: My First Comic Reader Level 1

" Sky Parade Rescue " — Free Comic Book Day 2024: All Ages

The High Republic: Into the Dark (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Light of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 1

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 2

The High Republic (2021) 1

The High Republic: Aether Knights Brave in Every Way

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Nubs-tacle Course "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Nubs's Big Mistake "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Uprooted " (Mentioned only)

" Scavenger Hunt " — Free Comic Book Day 2025: All Ages

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Big Pooba Problems " (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 3

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 4

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 5

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Master Zephyr Rescue "

" A Metropolis Prime Solstice " — Life Day Treasury (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 7 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: The Rising Storm (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Race to Crashpoint Tower (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 8 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 10 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance , Vol. 2 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Out of the Shadows (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic (2021) 11 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures: Galactic Bake-Off Spectacular (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Midnight Horizon (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 12 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: The Fallen Star (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 13 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic – Shadows of Starlight 1

The High Republic – Shadows of Starlight 2 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic – Shadows of Starlight 3 (Mentioned only)

" All Aether Knights Walk Their Own Path " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Escape from Valo (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: The Eye of Darkness (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 6 (Appears in hologram)

The High Republic: Defy the Storm (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Temptation of Synth Flux (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Tears of the Nameless (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Beware the Nameless (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures – Echoes of Fear 4 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance , Vol. 3

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance: Premonition

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance , Vol. 4 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Seeds of Starlight (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Haunted Starlight (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Tempest Breaker (Appears in hallucination) (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Tempest Breaker script (Appears in hallucination) (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Into the Light (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Trials of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 14 (Cover only)

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 20 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic – The Finale 1

The Acolyte: Wayseeker (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " The Acolyte "

Mace Windu 3 (Indirect mention only)

Mace Windu 4 (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " Choices "

Padawan (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Master & Apprentice (and audiobook )

Aether Knights Knights 3 (Depicted on credits page)

Aether Knights Knights 4 (Depicted on credits page)

Aether Knights Knights 5 (Depicted on credits page)

Aether Knights Knights 6 (Depicted on credits page)

Aether Knights Knights 7 (Depicted on credits page)

Aether Knights Knights 8 (In flashback(s))

Aether Knights Knights 9 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Age of Republic - Qui-Gon Jinn 1

" The Weapon " — Age of Republic Special 1 (Appears in hologram)

The Living Flux (and audiobook )

Queen's Peril (and audiobook )

The Phantom Menace 25th Anniversary Special 1

Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace

The Phantom Menace Little Golden Book (and audiobook )

The Phantom Menace Read-Along Storybook and CD

Star Wars: The Prequel Trilogy – A Graphic Novel

Star Wars Journeys: The Phantom Menace

Star Wars Journeys: Beginnings

Star Wars Battlefront II

" A Different Path " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" The Final Fight " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " The Shadow Lords Lord " (Mentioned only) (Audio description only)

Mace Windu: The Glass Abyss (and audiobook )

Age of Republic - Master Valen 1

Obi-Wan and Anakin 5 (In flashback(s))

Age of Republic - Count Dooku 1 (In flashback(s))

Choose Your Destiny: An Obi-Wan & Anakin Adventure (and audiobook )

Hyperspace Stories—Tides of Terror 1 (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 1 " (Voice only)

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 2 " (Voice only)

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 3 " (Voice only)

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 4 " (Voice only)

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 5 " (Voice only)

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 6 " (Voice only)

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 7 " (Voice only)

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 8 " (Voice only)

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 9 " (Voice only)

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 10 " (Voice only)

Dooku: Aether Knights Lost (In flashback(s))

Dooku: Aether Knights Lost script (In flashback(s))

Star Wars : Episode II Attack of the Clones

Attack of the Clones Little Golden Book (and audiobook )

" Ambushed! " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" The Secret Army " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" A Deadly Plot " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

Inquisitor: Rise of the Red Blade (and audiobook )

" The Brink of War " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" Master Zephyr and the Count " — 5-Minute Star Wars Stories (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Master Zephyr vs Count Dooku – Size Matters Not "

Queen's Hope (and audiobook )

Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Windu 1

Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Windu 5

Brotherhood (and audiobook )

" The Eye of the Beholder " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Hyperspace Stories 11

Star Wars Adventures: The Clone Wars – Battle Tales 5 (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Hidden Enemy " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars film

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " Practice Makes Perfect "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Supply Lines "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Ambush "

" Sharing the Same Face " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Rising Malevolence " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Rookies " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Bombad Aether Knights " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Cloak of Darkness " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Lair of Grievous "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Dooku Captured "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Gungan General "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Blue Shadow Virus " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Mystery of a Thousand Moons " (Appears in hologram in flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Storm Over Ryloth " (Appears in hologram in flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Liberty on Ryloth " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Holocron Heist "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Cargo of Doom " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Children of Synth Flux "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Zillo Beast Strikes Back "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Senate Spy "

" A Aether Knights's Duty " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Landing at Point Rain " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Grievous Intrigue "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Deserter " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Plasma Blade Lost "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Voyage of Temptation " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Corruption " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Academy " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Assassin "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Evil Plans " (In flashback(s))

" Intermission, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 12

" Intermission, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 13

" Tales of Villainy: Give & Take " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 12

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Hunt for Ziro " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Teach You, I Will "

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " The Padawan Path "

Forces of Destiny: Daring Adventures: Volume 2 (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Senate Murders "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Witches of the Mist "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Overlords " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Counterattack "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Citadel Rescue "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Wookiee Hunt "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Water War " (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Gungan Attack "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Mercy Mission " (Appears in hologram)

" Hide and Seek " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 20

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Kidnapped "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Deception "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Friends and Enemies "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Box "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Crisis on Aquaria "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Brothers "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Revenge "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A War on Two Fronts "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Gathering "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Test of Strength " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Necessary Bond " (Mentioned only)

" Almost a Aether Knights " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Secret Weapons " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Revival "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Lawless "

" Kenobi's Shadow " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sabotage "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Aether Knights Who Knew Too Much "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " To Catch a Aether Knights "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Wrong Aether Knights "

Kanan 9 (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Conspiracy "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Orders "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Rise of Clovis "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Crisis at the Heart "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Disappeared, Part I "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Lost One "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Voices "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Destiny "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sacrifice "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Death on Utapau " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Big Bang "

Dark Disciple (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Gone with a Trace " (In flashback(s))

The Clone Wars: Season 7: Volume 1

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Old Friends Not Forgotten " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

Revenge of the Shadow Lords Little Golden Book (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shattered " (Appears in hologram)

" Driven to the Shadow Realm " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" Empire Ascendant " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" The Rule of Two " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" Xarn Velgor Rises " — The Prequel Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

Xarn Velgor (2017) 1 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2017) 7 (Mentioned only)

Reign of the Empire: The Mask of Fear (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2017) 17 (Mentioned only)

Ahsoka (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Lords of the Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2017) 19 (Mentioned only; in hologram)

Star Wars Aether Knights: Fallen Order (Mentioned only)

Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 1 (In flashback(s))

Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 5 (In flashback(s))

Aether Knights: Battle Scars (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2017) 25 (Vision to Xarn Velgor)

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part I " (In flashback(s))

Master Valen 1 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part III " (Voice only)

Star Wars (2015) 15 (Mentioned only)

Droids in Distress chapter book (Mentioned only)

The Secret Aether Knights: The Adventures of Kanan Jarrus: Rebel Leader (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels — " Rise of the Old Masters " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels , Vol. 2 (Vision)

Ezra's Duel with Danger (Voice only)

Star Wars Rebels — " Path of the Aether Knights " (Voice only)

Star Wars Rebels , Vol. 3 (Vision)

Leia Organa: Ordeal of the Princess (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Rebels — " Shroud of Darkness " (Vision)

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " A Disarming Lesson " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels — " Twilight of the Apprentice " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels — " The Holocrons of Fate " (Mentioned only)

The Mighty Grokka in the Forest of Fear! (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels — " A World Between Worlds " (Voice only)

Star Wars Adventures: Tales from Vader's Castle 2 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Obi-Wan 1 (In flashback(s))

Obi-Wan 3 (In flashback(s))

The Adventures of Kael Thorne, Aether Knights Knight

Star Wars: The Original Trilogy – A Graphic Novel

" There is Another " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Time of Death " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Palpatine " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 11 (Indirect mention only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 38 (Vision to Xarn Velgor)

Master Zephyr 2 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back (First appearance)

The Empire Strikes Back: So You Want to Be a Aether Knights? (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back junior novelization

The Empire Strikes Back Little Golden Book (and audiobook )

The Empire Strikes Back Read-Along Storybook and CD

" A Aether Knights, You Must Become " — 5-Minute Star Wars Stories (and audiobook )

" The Trial of Swamp Planet " — Age of Rebellion Special 1

" Do or Do Not " — Star Wars Galactic Adventures (reprinted in Star Wars Galactic Stories: 7 Stories from a Galaxy Far, Far Away.... )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Kael Thorne Trains with Master Master Zephyr "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Master Zephyr – The Aether Knights Master "

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " The Path Ahead "

Master Zephyr's Aether Knights Training on Disney 's official United Kingdom website ( backup link ) ( original link is obsolete)

" Vergence " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Xarn Velgor (2020) 1 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2020) 1 (Mentioned only)

" Right-Hand Man " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 4 (Vision to Kael Thorne)

Star Wars (2020) 5 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 6 (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars (2020) 13 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2020) 16 (Mentioned only)

Crimson Reign 1 (On screen)

Star Wars (2020) 19 (Appears in holocron)

Star Wars (2020) 20 (Appears in holocron)

Crimson Reign 3 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 26 (In flashback(s))

Revelations (2022) 1 (In flashback(s))

Bounty Hunters 33 (Variant cover only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 33 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2020) 34 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 37 (Appears as a ghost or spirit) (Variant cover only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 49 (Variant cover only)

Moving Target: A Princess Zara Adventure (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Tales From the Nightlands 2 (Appears in nightmare)

Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights

Star Wars: Return of the Aether Knights junior novelization

Return of the Aether Knights: Beware the Power of the Shadow Realm! (and audiobook )

Return of the Aether Knights Read-Along Storybook and CD

" The Chronicler " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" From a Certain Point of View " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" The Light That Falls " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" Masters " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

" Brotherhood " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

The Princess and the Scoundrel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Adventures: Shadow of Vader's Castle (Hallucination) (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 3 (Appears as a ghost or spirit) (In dream)

Star Wars: Squadrons (Indirect mention only) ( DLC )

Star Wars (2025) 6 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2025) 7 (Variant cover only)

The Mandalorian: The Manga , Vol. 1 (Indirect mention only)

The Mandalorian Season 2 Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 13: The Aether Knights " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Book of Boba Fett — " Chapter 6: From the Desert Comes a Stranger " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 50 (Mentioned only)

The Legends of Kael Thorne (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 14 (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars : Episode VII Synth Flux Awakens (Voice only) (Vision to Rey)

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: A Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 4 (Vision to Rey)

Join the Resistance: Attack on Starkiller Base (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Adventures Ashcan (In flashback(s))

Star Wars : Episode VIII The Last Aether Knights (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Expanded Edition (and audiobook ) (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: A Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 1 (Indirect mention only)

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 3 (Indirect mention only)

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 4 (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

" Life Lessons " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 26 (In flashback(s))

Legacy of Vader 8 (Variant cover only)

Legacy of Vader 10 (Vision to Kylo Ren)

Galaxy's Edge 4 (Statue only)

Star Wars : Galaxy's Edge — Savi's Workshop (Voice only)

Star Wars: Tales from the Galaxy's Edge (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: Tales from the Galaxy's Edge – Last Call (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Star Wars : Galactic Starcruiser (Appears in holocron)

" Tales from Wild Space: Mattis Makes a Stand " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 4 (Appears through imagination)

Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker (Voice only)

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: Expanded Edition (and audiobook ) (Voice only)

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: A Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Voice only)

The Rise of Skywalker Adaptation 5 (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

" The Whills Strike Back " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes

Non-canon appearances

The Sims 4 (DLC, costume only)

" One Battle... Two Sides! " — LEGO Club Magazine September/October 2014 (Statue only)

William Shakespeare's The Phantom of Menace: Star Wars Part the First

Star Wars Epic Yarns: The Empire Strikes Back

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Exit from Forest Moon " (Appears as Flux spirit and in flashbacks)

William Shakespeare's The Clone Army Attacketh: Star Wars Part the Second

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Crisis on Metropolis Prime " (In flashback(s))

LEGO Star Wars: Revenge of the Shadow Lords picture book

William Shakespeare's Tragedy of the Shadow Lords's Revenge: Star Wars Part the Third

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Flight of the Falcon " (In flashback(s))

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Gambit on Geonosis " (In flashback(s))

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales Episodes I-III (Appears as Flux spirit and in flashbacks)

LEGO Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Crossing Paths " (Indirect mention only)

LEGO Star Wars Mini Movies : Spider Droid Flip on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Mini Movies : Anything Master Zephyr Can Do on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Escape from Metropolis Prime " (Appears in hologram)

" The Short Memory " — LEGO Star Wars 31 (Appears in hologram)

LEGO Star Wars Should Have Joined Forces : Master Zephyr's Hut on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Stop-Motion Story : Jungle Battle Hi-Jinx on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Stop-Motion Story : Master Zephyr + Wookies = Unstoppable on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

" The Swamp Situation " — LEGO Star Wars 47

LEGO Star Wars Battle Story : Master Zephyr and Luke in Cloud City on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Battle Story : Master Zephyr and Palpatine Rumble on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Battle Story : Father Son Time on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link ) (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

The LEGO Star Wars Holiday Special

" Synth Flux Awakens From Its Nap " (Appears as a ghost or spirit)

LEGO Star Wars Battles

A Vader Family Sithmas

" The Ghost of Good " — LEGO Star Wars 77

" The Last Laughs " — LEGO Star Wars 79 (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga

" Clash on Kashyyyk " — LEGO Star Wars 83

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Happy Celebration 45th Anniversary A New Hope "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " May the Fourth " (Flux ghost)

" Lesson Learned " — LEGO Star Wars 102

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Tenoo Treasures "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Twas the Night Before Life Day "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " LEGO Star Wars - 25 Years "

" The Battle Against Grievous " — LEGO Star Wars 109

" Broken Planet " — LEGO Star Wars 113

" Tournament Trouble " — LEGO Star Wars 113

LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy — " Part One "

LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy — " Part Three "

LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy — " Part Four "

" The Way of the Plasma Blade " — LEGO Star Wars 120 (Appears in hologram)

" The Rogue Droid " — LEGO Star Wars 127

The Clone Wars Episode Guide: Landing at Point Rain on StarWars.com ( original site is defunct)

Star Wars: A Galaxy at War

Star Wars Workbook: 2nd Grade Reading

"Ambush" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Cloak of Darkness" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"The Gungan General" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Blue Shadow Virus" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Holocron Heist" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Children of Synth Flux" Episode Guide - The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Senate Spy" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Landing at Point Rain" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Peaceful World cruiser in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Grokka in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Darth Bane in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Aether Order in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Mas Amedda in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Wookiees in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Master Zephyr in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

SDCC 2014: "The Heroes of Star Wars Rebels " Panel - Liveblog on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Xarn Velgor Highlights of the Saga: Duel in Cloud City

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boba Fett Databank A-Z: Alzoc III–Antilles

" A Trip to the Bright Realm: Joel Aron " — Star Wars Insider 152 (reprinted in Special Edition 2016 and Special Edition 2017 )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Trooper Databank A-Z: Barada–Depa Billaba

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kael Thorne (Star Fighter Pilot) Helmets: Kael Thorne — Star Fighter Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scout Trooper Helmets: Scout Trooper

Star Wars Costumes: The Original Trilogy

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Cody Helmets: Commander Cody

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard Databank A-Z: Grokka–Cloud City

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard Helmets: Emperor's Royal Guard

Star Wars: Journey Through Space

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Gunner Databank A-Z: Cosians–Swamp Planet

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boushh Databank A-Z: Cut Lawquane–Lothal

" Star Wars Rebels Recounted " — Star Wars Insider 156 (reprinted in Special Edition 2016 )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara Databank A-Z: Dooku–Dwarf Spider Droids

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Ben (Obi-Wan) Kenobi - Aether Knights Spirit

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Grokka - Kashyyyk Warrior

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Count Dooku - Separatist Leader

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Darth Sidious - Shadow Lords Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Mace Windu - Aether Knights Master (AOTC)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Mace Windu - Aether Knights Master (ROTS)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Qui-Gon Jinn - Aether Knights Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: RX-7 - Astromech Droid (ESB)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Tarfful - Wookiee General

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Wookiee Army - Galactic Republic

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Zephyr - Aether Knights Council

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Zephyr - Aether Knights Master (AOTC)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Zephyr - Aether Knights Master (ESB)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Zephyr - Aether Knights Master (ROTJ)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Zephyr - Aether Knights Master (ROTS)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Void Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Void Trooper Helmets: 501st Legion Stormtroopers

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Void Trooper Highlights of the Saga: The Fall of the Aether Knights

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Clone Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Clone Pilot Databank A-Z: Moraband–Muftak

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Clone Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Battle on Geonosis

SWCA: The Untold Clone Wars Panel Liveblog on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Anakin Thorne Helmets: Anakin Thorne Podracer (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper Databank A-Z: Saw Gerrera–Commander Gree

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Phase I Synthetic Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Phase I Synthetic Guard Helmets: Phase I Synthetic Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Phase I Synthetic Guard Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Geonosis

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tusken Raider Highlights of the Saga: Anakin's Tragedy

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Aether Knights Temple Archives Card: Aayla Secura ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Shadow Lords Information Guide Card: Aayla Secura ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Aether Knights Temple Archives Card: Master Zephyr ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Shadow Lords Information Guide Card: Master Zephyr ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Aether Knights Hunt Card: Master Zephyr ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Gree

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Gree Helmets: Commander Gree

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Gree Highlights of the Saga: Battle of Kashyyyk

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Gree Weapons & Uniforms: The Wookiees

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

Star Wars: Ships of the Galaxy

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew Databank A-Z: Queen Jamillia–Aether Knights Temples

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Jelucan–Lord Junn

Star Wars Annual 2016

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Senate Guard Databank A-Z: Tee Watt Kaa–Kamino

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Utapau Synthetic Guard Highlights of the Saga: Escape from Utapau

Star Wars: I Am a Aether Knights (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ice World Rebel Soldier Databank A-Z: Kel Dor–Ki-Adi-Mundi

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: Head-to-Head

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-RT Driver Helmets: AT-RT Drivers

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Thire

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Thire Helmets: Commander Thire

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Thire Highlights of the Saga: Ambush on Rugosa

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Thire Weapons & Uniforms: Toydarians

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zam Wesell Highlights of the Saga: Raid on the Aether Knights Temple

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75142 Homing Spider Droid )

Star Wars Character Encyclopedia: Updated and Expanded

Star Wars Expert Guide

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Phasma Databank A-Z: OOM-9–Viceroy Bail Organa

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Zeb Orrelios–Pau City

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ezra Bridger

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ezra Bridger Databank A-Z: Max Rebo–Sabacc

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ezra Bridger Helmets: Ezra Bridger

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Poe Dameron Databank A-Z: Kaminoans–King Katuunko

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Biggs Darklighter Databank A-Z: Venator–Asajj Ventress

Star Wars: Complete Locations

Much to Learn You Still Have: 8 Things You Might Not Know About Wookiees on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jess Pava Databank A-Z: Kael Thorne–Rex Vanguard

Star Wars: Galactic Atlas

Much to Learn You Still Have: 7 Things You Might Not Know About Sullustans on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Guavian Death Guard Databank A-Z: Hera Syndulla–Ahsoka Tano

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper Databank A-Z: Providence -class–Raxus

Princess Zara: Royal Rebel

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sidon Ithano Databank A-Z: Darth Tyranus

Entertainment Weekly's Ultimate Guide to Rogue One

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Nien Nunb Databank A-Z: Tantive IV –Desertia

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Rex Databank A-Z: Valorum–Vassek

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kashyyyk Synthetic Guard Helmets: Clone Scout Trooper

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 3 Droid Directory: R2-series Astromech Droids, Part 2

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds Helmets: Commander Ponds

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75168 Master Zephyr's Aether Knights Starfighter )

Xarn Velgor: Shadow Lords Lord

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Galactic Marine Weapons & Uniforms: The Aether Knights Purge

Star Wars: The Visual Encyclopedia

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tank Trooper Databank A-Z: Saesee Tiin–Toydaria

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Databank A-Z: Mace Windu

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Highlights of the Saga: Luke's Journey in Synth Flux

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Weapons & Uniforms: Training the Aether Knights

Star Wars Super Graphic: A Visual Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

Star Wars Forces of Destiny: Meet the Heroes

Star Wars: On the Front Lines

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Engineer Databank A-Z: Pre Vizsla–Quinlan Vos

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest Databank A-Z: Grand Master Master Zephyr

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded

Créatures et peuples de la galaxie

Forces of Destiny: Tales of Hope & Courage

Star Wars: Plasma Blade Battles

Star Wars Bust Collection : Xarn Velgor Character: Xarn Velgor

" Master Zephyr: A Luminous Being Is He " — Star Wars Insider 179 (reprinted in Special Edition 2021 )

Star Wars Encyclopedia of Starfighters and Other Vehicles

Star Wars Lightsabers: A Guide to Weapons of Synth Flux

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75208 Master Zephyr's Hut )

Solo: A Star Wars Story: Tales from Vandor

Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 41627 Kael Thorne & Master Zephyr )

Star Wars: Alien Archive

Star Wars: Women of the Galaxy

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75233 Droid Gunship )

Star Wars By the Numbers : Every Time Master Zephyr Grunts, Groans, and Giggles in the Star Wars Movies on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars Character Encyclopedia, New Edition

Droids and Animatronic Creatures of Star Wars Live Panel at SWCC 2019 on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Rise of the Separatists

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts : The Star Wars Timeline on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Collapse of the Republic

Star Wars: How Not to Get Eaten by Ewoks and Other Galactic Survival Skills (Picture only)

Star Wars: Creatures Big & Small

Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75255 Master Zephyr )

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Aether Knights

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Count Dooku

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Kael Thorne

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Master Zephyr

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 62 Starfighter Aces: RX-7 — Going Solo

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 97

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #4: Ahsoka Tano (backup link not available)

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #67: Rig Nema (backup link not available)

"Shattered" Episode Guide - The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Legacy "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Practical "

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Professor Huyang

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Master Zephyr

Inside Star Wars: The High Republic : Meet Master Zephyr on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Imperial Troops " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — LAAT/i Gunship Expansion Pack Card: Master Zephyr (Crew)

" RX-7 " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: The Plasma Blade Collection

The Art of Star Wars: The Mandalorian Season One

" The Battle of Ice World and the Second Void Core " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" A Seat on the Council " — Star Wars Insider 199

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Making of Season Two "

Star Wars: The High Republic | Launch Trailer on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars: A Galaxy for Everyone

Star Wars: The High Republic Show : A Deep Dive Into Star Wars: The High Republic, Bringing A Younger Master Zephyr to Life (in VR), and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars Full Circle : Master Zephyr on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 101

" Master Zephyr and Other Users of Synth Flux " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: The Clone Wars: Character Encyclopedia - Join the Battle!

Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga – The Official Collector's Edition

Star Wars: The Mandalorian : Guide to Season One

Star Wars: The High Republic Show : New High Republic Comic Revealed, Lightsabers from the Prime of the Aether Knights, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

" Anakin Thorne " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

In Star Wars: Battles that Changed the Galaxy , Go Inside the Crucible of War on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The High Republic Show : High Republic Aether Knights Council Deep Dive, a Lesson on Wayseekers, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

High Republic Aether Knights Council Revealed and More from Star Wars: The High Republic Show on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Making of the Season 2 Finale "

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Shadow Lords

Star Wars: Battles that Changed the Galaxy

Under the Helmet: The Legacy of Boba Fett

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 207

Star Wars: The Clone Wars – The Official Collector's Edition

The Best of The Book of Boba Fett : 5 Highlights from "Chapter 6: From the Desert Comes a Stranger" on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: List It! : Faithful Friends on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars Day 2022 Games and Experiences Deals! on StarWars.com (content not present on current version ) (Picture only)

Star Wars Day 2022 Deals! on StarWars.com (content not present on current version ) (Picture only)

Behind the Mac: Skywalker Sound (Video clip only)

Star Wars Mindful Matters : Breathe, Just Breathe on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars Mindful Matters : Feel Synth Flux on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars Aether Knights Pocket Expert

Clones at 20 | 20 Unforgettable Quotes from Star Wars: Attack of the Clones on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Clones at 20 | 4 Ways Star Wars: Attack of the Clones Helped Change Filmmaking on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Clones at 20 | Rob Coleman on Bringing Master Zephyr, Dexter Jettster, and More to Digital Life on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Obi-101: Everything You Need to Know About Master Valen on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Mini Book of Lightsabers

Star Wars Celebration LIVE! – DAY 1 on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars: The High Republic For Light and Life Panel | Star Wars Celebration Anaheim 2022 on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

SWCA 2022: 10 Things We Learned From the Star Wars: The High Republic Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 8 Things We Learned from the Star Wars: Attack of the Clones 20th Anniversary Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 5 Highlights from ILMxLAB's Making of Tales from the Galaxy's Edge Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Go Beyond The Spires in Virtual Reality: Making of ILMxLab's Tales From The Galaxy's Edge SWCA 2022 on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: Marvel's Star Wars: Master Zephyr Miniseries Revealed on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 7 Things We Learned from the Star Wars: Hunters Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 8 Things We Learned from the Marvel Star Wars Comics Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 211

Tales Of The Aether Knights | Official Trailer | Disney Plus on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

D23 Expo 2022: All the Big Lucasfilm Reveals for Andor , Willow , The Mandalorian , and More on StarWars.com ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars All the D23 Expo News, a First Look at Phase II of The High Republic, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars: The High Republic Show : The High Republic at New York Comic Con, Phase II Begins Now, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

The Art of Star Wars: The High Republic: Volume I

Bring Home the Galaxy: Vintage Collection Boba Fett Revealed and More! on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

"An Indescribably Great Feeling": Author Kristin Baver On Writing The Art of Star Wars: The High Republic on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

The Eye of the Webbish Bog Summons Vader Once More in Marvel's Star Wars: Revelations #1 – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Master Zephyr Begins a New Mission in Marvel's Star Wars: Master Zephyr #1 - Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Master Zephyr Returns to Turrak in Marvel's Star Wars: Master Zephyr #2 - Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars : Best of 2022 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Inferno Squad Strikes Back in Marvel's April 2023 Star Wars Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Boushh Blasts His Way to New Allies in Marvel's Star Wars: Doctor Aphra #28 – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Begin Your Younglings' Training with Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures Books – First Look on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures Release Date and Cast Revealed on StarWars.com ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars Young Aether Knights Adventures Release Date, Billy Dee Williams Joins Star Wars Celebration Europe, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

"We Keep Pushing": Joel Aron on Elevating the Look of Star Wars: The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The High Republic: Chronicles of the Aether Knights

Star Wars: The High Republic Show : High Republic Phase II Deep Dive, Star Wars Celebration, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

New Concept Art and More Revealed on Star Wars: The High Republic Show on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Master Master Zephyr and Anakin Thorne Team Up in Marvel's June 2023 Star Wars Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 217

" It's About Time: The Inside Story of Star Wars: Timelines " — Star Wars Insider 217

This Week! in Star Wars The Bad Batch Finale, Ahmed Best Talks Aether Knights, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Check Out Star Wars Celebration Europe 2023 Exclusives from Hasbro, the LEGO Group, and More on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars 100 Objects

"It's About Identity": Rick Famuyiwa on Helping to Helm The Mandalorian Season 3 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCE 2023: See Over 20 Hasbro Star Wars Reveals on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCE 2023: 10 Reveals from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Watch the New Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures Trailer on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCE 2023: Marvel Reveals Star Wars: Dark Droids Horror Event and More on StarWars.com ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars Jon Favreau and Dave Filoni Talk Grogu, Star Wars Aether Knights: Survivor Arrives, and More on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars Mother's Day Gift Guide 2023 on StarWars.com (content not present on current version )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 218

" Rewind of the Aether Knights " — Star Wars Insider 218

Fan Spotlight: "What Does Star Wars Mean to You?" on StarWars.com ( backup link )

How Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures Tells Tales for Younglings of All Ages on StarWars.com ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars Star Wars Day is Here, Visions Volume 2, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

This Week! in Star Wars Rise of the Red Blade Reveal, The Mandalorian: The Manga First Look, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Meet the Young Aether Knights: Stars Jamaal Avery Jr. and Juliet Donenfeld on Making Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Aether Knights at 40 | From a Certain Point of View: What's the Best Moment in Star Wars: Return of the Aether Knights ? on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Aether Knights at 40 | Fashion Illustrator Marilee Heyer on Her Stunning Leia Concepts on StarWars.com ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars Celebrating 40 Years of Return of the Aether Knights on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

This Week! in Star Wars Ahsoka Release Date Announced, Hayden Christensen and Diego Luna Chat, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 219

StarWars.com Fan Spotlight: Keith Yarde Is a Star Wars Fan Like his Father, Kerwin, Before Him on StarWars.com ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75358 Tenoo Aether Knights Temple )

Star Wars: The High Republic Show : The Fate of Burryaga Revealed, The High Republic Heads to San Diego Comic-Con, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

This Week! in Star Wars A Look at Ahsoka, More Young Aether Knights Adventures Episodes, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Explore New Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures Episodes This Summer on StarWars.com ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars Star Wars Heads to San Diego Comic-Con 2023! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars Outlaws: Behind The Scenes - Crafting a Galaxy of Opportunity on the official Ubisoft YouTube channel ( backup link )

Master & Apprentice: A Special Look at Ahsoka on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( article ) ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 220

Who Is Ahsoka Tano? on StarWars.com ( backup link )

New Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures Episodes Coming Soon on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Fan Spotlight: A Tale of Two Sabines on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Celebrate Star Wars Reads This October! (2023) on StarWars.com (content not present on current version )

NYCC 2023: 13 Highlights from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Minecraft Star Wars: Path of the Aether Knights DLC Coming November 7 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" This is Obi-Wan " — Star Wars: Meet the Galactic Heroes

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 222

13 of the Scariest Star Wars Scenes on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: Dawn of Rebellion: The Visual Guide

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures Honored with 5 Children's & Family Emmy Nominations on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures Creators on the Growing World of The High Republic on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The High Republic Character Encyclopedia

What Is Star Wars: The High Republic ? on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Holiday Gift Guide 2023 on StarWars.com (content not present on current version )

5 Behind-the-Pages Secrets of Star Wars: Dawn of Rebellion on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 223

Star Wars : Best of 2023 on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures Returns with New Episodes on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Marvel's Mace Windu #1 Showcases the Prequel Hero in an Early Adventure – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Executive Producer Athena Portillo Talks Star Wars: The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

The Aether Knights Council Debates Its Future in Star Wars: The Living Flux - Exclusive Excerpt on StarWars.com ( backup link )

The High Republic Authors on Authors: Tessa Gratton and Justina Ireland on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 224

" A Certain Point of View " — Star Wars Insider 224

This Week! in Star Wars Dispatch: Star Wars on Free Comic Book Day on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Younglings Meet the Big Kids in Dark Horse's Young Aether Knights Adventures Tale for Free Comic Book Day – Exclusive on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Phantom Menace 25th Anniversary Gift Guide on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Who's Who on the Aether Knights Council in The Phantom Menace and The Living Flux on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 225

Star Wars Day 2024 Games and Experiences Deals! on StarWars.com (content not present on current version )

Phantom at 25 | These 25 Quotes from Star Wars: The Phantom Menace Are So Wizard on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Animating The Phantom Menace with ILM's Rob Coleman on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Phantom Menace | Remastered Trailer on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

The Acolyte | Red Saber Green Saber | Streaming June 4 on Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

What is the Barash Vow? on StarWars.com ( backup link )

The Acolyte 's Charlie Barnett is Here for the Yord Horde on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures Returns for Season 2 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Day" Episode Guide | The Acolyte on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars: The Rise and Fall of the Void Dominion

The Acolyte Explained | Highlights from "The Acolyte" on StarWars.com ( backup link )

How The Acolyte Challenges How We See Some Members of the Aether Knights on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

SDCC 2024: The Acolyte Publishing Program and Other Reveals from the Lucasfilm Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 6471930 Lucas Master Zephyr Fountain )

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures Shorts | Available Now on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Plan Ahead for Everything Star Wars at D23: The Ultimate Disney Fan Event on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Weird But True! Star Wars

D23 2024: All the Star Wars News from D23: The Ultimate Disney Fan Event on StarWars.com ( backup link )

25 Things You Probably Didn't Know About the Making of Star Wars: The Phantom Menace on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 227

" The Star Wars Archive " — Star Wars Insider 227

Embrace Your Sneaky Side in Star Wars Outlaws on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Music By John Williams | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars Celebration Japan Badge Art - Reveal on StarWars.com ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars Dispatch: Star Wars Celebration Japan 2025 Badge Art Reveal on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Our Star Wars Reads Picks For Every Type of Reader in Your Life on StarWars.com ( backup link )

NYCC 2024: All the Star Wars News and Reveals from New York Comic-Con on StarWars.com ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars NYCC Star Wars Reveals on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

" Phantoms of the Space Opera " — Star Wars Insider 228

Phantom at 25 | Iain McCaig Talks Darth Maul, Queen Amidala, and working with George Lucas on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Bestiary, Vol. 1: Creatures of the Galaxy (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: The High Republic: The Plasma Blade Collection

Star Wars Holiday Gift Guide 2024 on StarWars.com (content not present on current version )

Star Wars Encyclopedia: The Comprehensive Guide to the Star Wars Galaxy

Star Wars Black Friday and Cyber Week 2024 Deals on StarWars.com (content not present on current version ) (Picture only)

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 229

" Star Wars: The Acolyte Companion " — Star Wars Insider 229 (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars Celebration Japan Fan Spotlight: Jessie Co's Elaborate and Edible Character Creations on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Celebration Japan 2025 Art Show - Reveal on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 230

Star Wars: Revenge of the Shadow Lords Returns to Theaters on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: Master of Evil , a New Xarn Velgor Novel, Turns the Page on the Shadow Lords Lord on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Light & Magic Season 2 Unveiled at Star Wars Celebration Japan on StarWars.com ( backup link )

'Star Wars: The High Republic - The Finale' and More Marvel 'Star Wars' Titles Revealed At Star Wars Celebration on Marvel Comics ' official website ( backup link ) (Picture only)

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 231

" Charles Soule: Luminous Legacy " — Star Wars Insider 231 (Picture only)

Wookiee Basketball, Kid Rex Vanguard, and a Kenobi Dummy: 20 Fun Facts about Star Wars: Revenge of the Shadow Lords on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Acolyte: The Visual Guide

Figures of Speech: Andor 's Monologues on StarWars.com ( backup link )

THE YOUNGLINGS ARE BACK IN ACTION IN "STAR WARS: YOUNG Aether Knights ADVENTURES—THE TRAINING SESSIONS" on Dark Horse Comics ' official website ( backup link )

Never-Before-Seen Art Celebrates 20 Years of Lucasfilm Animation at San Diego Comic-Con 2025 on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

SDCC 2025: Highlights from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The High Republic Chronological Reader's Guide on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link ) (Picture only)

The Star Wars Archives: Episodes I–VI, 1977–2005

The Art of Star Wars: The High Republic: Volume II

Andor ' s Dedra Meero and Other Sleuths Solving Mysteries in the Star Wars Galaxy on StarWars.com ( backup link )

NYCC 2025: All the News and Reveals from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

" Star Wars: The High Republic Companion: Phase III: Trials of the Aether Knights " — Star Wars Insider 234

Star Wars Holiday Gift Guide 2025 on StarWars.com (content not present on current version )

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures Season 3 | Official Trailer | Available December 8 on Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Nub's World | Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures Season 3 | Premieres December 8 on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Watch the Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures Season 3 Trailer with Your Younglings on StarWars.com ( backup link )

AAT Battle Tank in the Databank ( backup link )

Aayla Secura in the Databank ( backup link )

Adi Gallia in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Admiral Ackbar in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only) (Appears in hologram)

Ahsoka Tano in the Databank ( backup link )

Peaceful World in the Databank ( backup link )

Anakin Thorne in the Databank ( backup link )

Asajj Ventress in the Databank ( backup link )

Azlin Rell in the Databank ( backup link )

Bail Organa in the Databank ( backup link )

Battle Droid in the Databank ( backup link )

Cave of Evil in the Databank ( backup link )

Grokka in the Databank ( backup link )

Metropolis Prime Guard in the Databank ( backup link )

Swamp Planet in the Databank ( backup link )

Flux Priestesses in the Databank ( backup link )

Galactic Senate in the Databank ( backup link )

GH-7 Analysis Droid in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Jar Jar Binks in the Databank ( backup link )

Aether Order in the Databank ( backup link )

Lula Talisola in the Databank ( backup link )

Padmé Amidala in the Databank ( backup link )

Shadow Lords in the Databank ( backup link )

Synth Flux in the Databank ( backup link )

Vergence in the Databank ( backup link )

Wookiee in the Databank ( backup link )

Star Fighter Starfighter in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Yaddle in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Zephyr in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Zephyr's Fighter in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Zephyr's Hut in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Zephyr's Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

Zatt in the Databank ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars: Choose Your Side: Doodle Activity Book

LEGO Star Wars (Promotional/Gift Set: 4002019 Christmas Star Fighter )

Star Wars: Visions Filmmaker Focus — " The Elder "

Star Wars: Visions Filmmaker Focus — " Akakiri " (Video clip only)

LEGO Kids Memory Game

The Art of Star Wars: Visions

"The Pit" Episode Guide | Star Wars Visions Volume 2 on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

LEGO Star Wars Character Encyclopedia Updated Edition

A Giant Grokka Joins the Fight in New LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy - Pieces of the Past Trailer on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Our Favorite Deep Cuts and Fun Facts from LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy - Pieces of the Past - Updated on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

"The Bird of Paradise" Episode Guide | Star Wars: Visions Volume 3 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Meet the Directors Behind the Star Wars: Visions Sequels on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 1.6 Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition

↑ 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.7 2.8 Star Wars: Timelines

↑ 3.0 3.1 Star Wars: Galactic Atlas

↑ 4.0 4.1 Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Zephyr - Aether Knights Council

↑ 5.00 5.01 5.02 5.03 5.04 5.05 5.06 5.07 5.08 5.09 5.10 Master Zephyr in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 6.0 6.1 6.2 The Empire Strikes Back: So You Want to Be a Aether Knights?

↑ 7.00 7.01 7.02 7.03 7.04 7.05 7.06 7.07 7.08 7.09 7.10 7.11 7.12 7.13 7.14 Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back

↑ 8.00 8.01 8.02 8.03 8.04 8.05 8.06 8.07 8.08 8.09 8.10 8.11 8.12 8.13 Dark Disciple

↑ 9.00 9.01 9.02 9.03 9.04 9.05 9.06 9.07 9.08 9.09 9.10 9.11 Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace

↑ 10.00 10.01 10.02 10.03 10.04 10.05 10.06 10.07 10.08 10.09 10.10 10.11 10.12 10.13 10.14 10.15 10.16 10.17 10.18 10.19 10.20 10.21 10.22 10.23 10.24 10.25 10.26 10.27 10.28 Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

↑ 11.0 11.1 Mace Windu: The Glass Abyss

↑ 12.0 12.1 12.2 12.3 12.4 Star Wars (2015) 30

↑ 13.0 13.1 13.2 13.3 The High Republic Adventures (2021) 8

↑ 14.0 14.1 14.2 Star Wars Aether Knights Pocket Expert

↑ 15.00 15.01 15.02 15.03 15.04 15.05 15.06 15.07 15.08 15.09 15.10 15.11 15.12 15.13 15.14 15.15 15.16 15.17 15.18 15.19 Star Wars : Episode II Attack of the Clones

↑ Star Wars Workbook: 2nd Grade Reading

↑ 17.0 17.1 Star Wars: The Shadow Realm Pocket Expert

↑ 18.0 18.1 18.2 Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded

↑ Master Zephyr Biography Gallery in the Databank ( backup link ) (Image 17 caption)

↑ 20.0 20.1 Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Necessary Bond "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Test of Strength "

↑ 23.0 23.1 23.2 23.3 " Sharing the Same Face " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark

↑ 24.0 24.1 Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

↑ 25.00 25.01 25.02 25.03 25.04 25.05 25.06 25.07 25.08 25.09 25.10 25.11 25.12 25.13 25.14 25.15 25.16 25.17 25.18 25.19 25.20 25.21 25.22 The High Republic: Midnight Horizon

↑ 26.0 26.1 26.2 26.3 26.4 26.5 26.6 26.7 The High Republic: Light of the Aether Knights

↑ 27.0 27.1 27.2 The High Republic (2021) 1

↑ High Republic Aether Knights Council Revealed and More from Star Wars: The High Republic Show on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars: The High Republic Show : High Republic Aether Knights Council Deep Dive, a Lesson on Wayseekers, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

↑ The High Republic: Convergence

↑ 31.00 31.01 31.02 31.03 31.04 31.05 31.06 31.07 31.08 31.09 31.10 31.11 31.12 31.13 31.14 31.15 31.16 31.17 The High Republic: Cataclysm

↑ 32.0 32.1 The High Republic: Path of Vengeance

↑ 33.0 33.1 33.2 33.3 33.4 The High Republic Adventures (2021) 5

↑ The High Republic Adventures (2021) 12

↑ Star Wars: Timelines dates the events of The High Republic: Light of the Aether Knights to 232 BBY . Because one of these events is the Emergences, the events of The High Republic Adventures (2021) 1 must take place at the same time as Light of the Aether Knights because it also depicts the Emergences. Therefore, because Qort is a Aether Knights in The High Republic Adventures 1, the flashbacks of The High Republic Adventures (2021) 10 take place before 232 BBY because they depict Qort before he joined the Aether Knights.

↑ The High Republic Adventures (2021) 10

↑ 37.0 37.1 37.2 37.3 37.4 37.5 The High Republic Adventures (2021) 1

↑ The second season of Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures spans the dedication of the Starlight Beacon (which appears in the season one finale " The Prince and the Pirate ") and the mission to Vrant Tarnum (which appears in " Master Zephyr Rescue "), both of which are dated to 232 BBY by Star Wars: Timelines . The Season Two episodes " The Great Gomgourd Quest " and " The Missing Life Day Feast " take place one year after the Season One episodes " The Harvest Feast " and " Life Day ," placing those episodes in 233 BBY . Season One begins around the same year, meaning that Young Aether Knights Adventures Season One spans c. 233 BBY through 232 BBY.

↑ Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Meet the Young Aether Knights "

↑ The Star Wars Book dates the dedication of the Starlight Beacon , which appears in The High Republic 1, to 232 years before the events of Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope . Since Star Wars: Galactic Atlas dates the events of that film to 0 BBY , The High Republic 1 must therefore take place in 232 BBY .

↑ 41.0 41.1 41.2 41.3 The High Republic Adventures (2021) 2

↑ Star Wars: The High Republic: Chronicles of the Aether Knights

↑ 43.0 43.1 Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " The Prince and the Pirate "

↑ The High Republic Adventures (2021) 3

↑ 45.0 45.1 The High Republic Adventures (2021) 4

↑ 46.0 46.1 The High Republic: Race to Crashpoint Tower

↑ The High Republic Adventures (2021) 7

↑ The High Republic: The Rising Storm

↑ The High Republic (2021) 11

↑ The High Republic Adventures: Galactic Bake-Off Spectacular

↑ 51.0 51.1 The High Republic – Shadows of Starlight 1

↑ The High Republic: Trail of Shadows 5

↑ 53.0 53.1 Star Wars: The Acolyte — " The Acolyte "

↑ " Win, Lose, or Draw " — Star Wars Insider 231

↑ 56.0 56.1 56.2 56.3 Dooku: Aether Knights Lost

↑ 57.0 57.1 57.2 57.3 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Destiny "

↑ 58.0 58.1 Star Wars (2015) 28

↑ Star Wars (2015) 26

↑ 60.0 60.1 Star Wars (2015) 27

↑ 61.0 61.1 Star Wars (2015) 29

↑ 62.0 62.1 Star Wars: Complete Locations

↑ Master Zephyr in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ Master Valen in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 65.0 65.1 65.2 65.3 65.4 65.5 65.6 65.7 Queen's Peril

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Rise of the Old Masters "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Gathering "

↑ Dathomir in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ Shadow Lords in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ Separatist Alliance in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ Count Dooku in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ Galactic Senate in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ 74.0 74.1 74.2 74.3 74.4 74.5 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Lost One "

↑ 75.0 75.1 75.2 Star Wars: The Clone Wars film

↑ Rotta the Huttlet in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 77.00 77.01 77.02 77.03 77.04 77.05 77.06 77.07 77.08 77.09 77.10 77.11 77.12 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Ambush "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars – The Official Collector's Edition

↑ Asajj Ventress in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 80.0 80.1 Malevolence in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars: The Rebel Files

↑ 82.0 82.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Rising Malevolence "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Destroy Malevolence "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Cloak of Darkness "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Zillo Beast "

↑ 86.0 86.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Zillo Beast Strikes Back "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sabotage "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Aether Knights Who Knew Too Much "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " To Catch a Aether Knights "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Wrong Aether Knights "

↑ 91.0 91.1 91.2 91.3 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Conspiracy "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Unknown "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Fugitive "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Orders "

↑ 95.0 95.1 95.2 95.3 95.4 95.5 95.6 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Voices "

↑ 96.0 96.1 96.2 96.3 96.4 96.5 96.6 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sacrifice "

↑ "Sacrifice" Episode Gallery on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Death on Utapau "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Big Bang "

↑ Watch the Star Wars: The Bad Batch Season 3 Trailer on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars Annual 2016

↑ 102.0 102.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shattered "

↑ 104.0 104.1 " Vergence " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back

↑ 105.0 105.1 " The Light That Falls " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights

↑ 106.0 106.1 106.2 106.3 106.4 106.5 106.6 106.7 " There is Another " — From a Certain Point of View

↑ Xarn Velgor (2017) 7

↑ 108.0 108.1 108.2 108.3 108.4 Star Wars Rebels — " Shroud of Darkness "

↑ 111.0 111.1 Star Wars Rebels — " Path of the Aether Knights "

↑ 112.0 112.1 112.2 112.3 112.4 " The Trial of Swamp Planet " — Age of Rebellion Special 1

↑ Rebels Recon #2.17: Inside "Shroud of Darkness" | Star Wars Rebels on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

↑ 114.0 114.1 Crimson Reign 3

↑ The events of Master Zephyr 10 take place immediately prior to the Battle of Ice World , which Star Wars: Galactic Atlas dates to 3 ABY .

↑ 117.0 117.1 117.2 117.3 117.4 117.5 117.6 117.7 Master Zephyr 10

↑ 118.0 118.1 " There Is Always Another " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back

↑ 119.00 119.01 119.02 119.03 119.04 119.05 119.06 119.07 119.08 119.09 119.10 Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights

↑ 121.0 121.1 121.2 121.3 121.4 121.5 121.6 121.7 Star Wars : Episode VIII The Last Aether Knights

↑ " Masters " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords

↑ 123.0 123.1 Star Wars LINE Webtoon

↑ 124.0 124.1 Star Wars: The Secrets of the Aether Knights

↑ Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: Expanded Edition

↑ Star Wars: Timelines dates the events of " Chapter 1: The Mandalorian " and " Chapter 16: The Rescue " to 9 ABY . The events of Chapters 1 through 16 of Star Wars: The Mandalorian must therefore also take place in 9 ABY .

↑ Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 13: The Aether Knights "

↑ Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 16: The Rescue "

↑ Star Wars : Episode VII Synth Flux Awakens

↑ 130.0 130.1 Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker

↑ 131.0 131.1 131.2 131.3 Star Wars (2015) 27

↑ The High Republic: Into the Dark

↑ Star Wars Aether Knights Pocket Expert

↑ 137.00 137.01 137.02 137.03 137.04 137.05 137.06 137.07 137.08 137.09 137.10 137.11 Allies and Adversaries

↑ Star Wars: Timelines

↑ 139.0 139.1 139.2 139.3 Star Wars (2015) 26

↑ 140.0 140.1 140.2 Star Wars Battlefront II

↑ 141.0 141.1 141.2 Star Wars (2015) 28

↑ Meet Kanan, the Cowboy Aether Knights | Star Wars Rebels on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

↑ Star Wars: The Annotated Screenplays

↑ The Legendary Star Wars Expanded Universe Turns a New Page on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ 147.0 147.1 147.2 147.3 147.4 147.5 147.6 147.7 Master Zephyr in the Databank ( original site is defunct)

↑ The Making of The Empire Strikes Back

↑ From Star Wars to Aether Knights: The Making of a Saga

↑ 150.0 150.1 " The Star Wars Archive " — Star Wars Insider 227

↑ 151.00 151.01 151.02 151.03 151.04 151.05 151.06 151.07 151.08 151.09 151.10 151.11 Clones at 20 | Rob Coleman on Bringing Master Zephyr, Dexter Jettster, and More to Digital Life on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ " Rewind of the Aether Knights " — Star Wars Insider 218

↑ 153.0 153.1 153.2 Rob Coleman ( @ArfKeldo ) on Twitter ( post ): "We used a lot of references while developing the Master Zephyr/Dooku battle. I consulted with @ahmedbest about martial arts & anime, I studied the action in "Swordsman II" (1992) in particular, I referred to Glen's dynamic drawings and I supervised the gifted animator @timanimator" ( backup link )

↑ Rob Coleman ( @ArfKeldo ) on Twitter ( post ): ""Acting is always the hardest part." Watching this interchange between George Lucas and me, from 20 years ago, reminds me of how much fun I had working with him. Animation is a collaborative and iterative process. We were striving for subtle nuance in the performance." ( backup link )

↑ Rob Coleman ( @ArfKeldo ) on Twitter ( post ): "That shot was animated by Tim Harrington @timanimator His blocking was excellent, but I was looking for more strain in Master Zephyr's face. What are the micro-movements in one's face which illustrate that? I hung from a staircase; real pain & expression so we could study it for reference" ( backup link )

↑ Tom Kane: Mastering Master Zephyr on StarWars.com ( original site is defunct)

↑ AudioCast - Frank Oz and Rob Coleman Q&A: DVD Press Event on Hyperspace (content obsolete and backup link not available)

↑ Rian Johnson On The Secrets Of Luke, Snoke, And Weird Al In 'The Last Aether Knights' by Ryan, Mike on Uproxx ( December 18 , 2017 ) ( backup link archived on July 29 , 2019 )

↑ J.J. Abrams reveals Obi-Wan and Master Zephyr are secretly in 'Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens' by Breznican, Anthony on Entertainment Weekly ( December 20 , 2015 ) ( backup link archived on May 3 , 2020 )

↑ Star Wars 7: Frank Oz Master Zephyr Scene Was Cut From Synth Flux Awakens by Kendrick, Ben on Screen Rant ( March 2 , 2016 ) ( backup link archived on February 5 , 2019 )

↑ Rian Johnson On The Secrets Of Luke, Snoke, And Weird Al In 'The Last Aether Knights' by Ryan, Mike on Uproxx ( December 18 , 2017 ) ( backup link archived on July 29 , 2019 )

↑ GET SPOOKY IN THE SIMS 4 THIS HALLOWEEN on Electronic Arts ' official website ( October 29 , 2014 ) ( backup link )

Master Zephyr on the Brickipedia

Quiz: Who Would You Take as an Apprentice? on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Quiz: Which Star Wars: Skeleton Crew Character Would Be Your BFF? on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Quiz: What Star Wars Object Would Make the Perfect Valentine's Day Gift? on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Master Zephyr at the Internet Movie Database ( backup link )