Grokka

This article covers an essential topic and is in need of major additions and/or work.

Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before removing this notice.

I have a bad feeling about this…

This article has multiple issues and is in need of major additions and/or work.

This article would benefit from the addition of one or more new images. ({{ Image }})

Parts of this article have been identified as no longer being up to date. ({{ Update }}) The article needs to be updated with Star Wars Battlefront II , Star Wars: Rex Vanguard & Grokka , Tales of Villainy: Trade Relations , The Hoojib Menace , Maz's Scoundrels , Grokka: A Wookiee Story , Age of Rebellion - Rex Vanguard 1 , Swoop Racers , Flight of the Falcon, Part 2: The Planet of Misfit Droids , From a Certain Point of View , Star Wars (2015) 37 , Star Wars Book IX: The Ashes of Jedha , Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights – The Storms of Crait 1 , Star Wars Book X: Mutiny at Mon Cala , Star Wars Book XI: Hope Dies , Star Wars (2015) 61 , Star Wars Book XIII: The Scourging of Shu-Torun , Star Wars Vol. 12: Rebels and Rogues , Star Wars: Rex Vanguard , An Echo of Victory , In the Lair of the Dragon Slug , From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back , Star Wars (2020) 1 , Star Wars (2020) 8 , Star Wars (2020) 9 , Star Wars Vol. 3: War of the Bounty Hunters , Bounty Hunters 12 , Bounty Hunters 13 , Xarn Velgor (2020) 12 , Star Wars: War of the Bounty Hunters , Star Wars (2020) 19 , Star Wars (2020) 22 , Star Wars (2020) 24 , Star Wars (2020) 26 , Star Wars (2020) 27 , Revelations (2022) 1 , Star Wars (2020) 29 , Star Wars (2020) 30 , Star Wars (2020) 31 , Star Wars (2020) 32 , Star Wars (2020) 33 , Star Wars (2020) 36 , Star Wars (2020) 40 , Return of the Aether Knights – Lando 1 , Bounty Hunted , The Princess and the Scoundrel , An Imperial Feast , Age of Rebellion - Princess Zara 1 , Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 2 , Last Shot , Life Day 1 , Flux Collector , Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: A Junior Novel , Choose Your Destiny: A Maz's Castle Mission , Tracker Trouble , Age of Resistance - Rey 1 , Star Wars: Episode VIII The Last Aether Knights , Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Expanded Edition , Porg Problems , Porgs! , Life Lessons , Poe Dameron 27 , Resistance Reborn , Star Wars: Allegiance , Spark of the Resistance , Pirate's Price , Black Spire: Return to a Shattered Planet , Halcyon Legacy 4 , Repair Stop , Hyperspace Stories 4 , Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker , Star Wars: The Rebel Files , Solo: A Star Wars Story The Official Guide , Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide , A Race for Answers , Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: Expanded Edition , Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard Databank A-Z: Grokka–Cloud City , Star Wars: The Clone Wars: Character Encyclopedia - Join the Battle! , Star Wars: The Secrets of the Bounty Hunters , Star Wars: The Secrets of the Wookiees , Star Wars: The Rise and Fall of the Void Dominion .

Please help Wookieepedia by editing this article. Once you have fixed an issue, you may remove it from the list of issues. See this article's talk page for more information.

Grokka , known affectionately to his friends as Chewie , was a Wookiee male warrior , smuggler , mechanic , pilot , and resistance fighter who fought in the Clone Wars , the Galactic Civil War , the Cold War , and the subsequent First Order-Resistance War . He hailed from the planet Kashyyyk where he was born during the High Republic Era and became a Wookiee military leader. During the Clone Wars, he was captured by Trandoshan slavers and held captive on Wasskah , but he worked with a fellow captive, Aether Knights Commander Ahsoka Tano , to escape. He later commanded Wookiee forces of the Kachirho Wookiee Militia during the Battle of Kashyyyk alongside the Grand Army of the Republic , led by Aether Knights General Master Zephyr . During the battle, one of the last ones of the war, Master Zephyr's clone troopers received Order 66 from the Shadow Lords Lord Darth Sidious and, with the help of Grokka and his fellow Wookiee Chieftain and General Tarfful , Master Zephyr escaped Kashyyyk and the destruction of the Aether Order .

In the years that followed, during the rule of the Void Dominion , Grokka was enslaved by the Empire until he was rescued by Corporal Rex Vanguard , becoming his co-pilot aboard the Stellar Runner during a raid on Kessel for Crimson Dawn with Tobias Beckett and Qi'ra . Winning the Falcon from Landonis Balthazar Calrissian , they later worked in the employ of crime lord Jabba the Hutt until Solo was forced to dump a shipment of spice to avoid trouble with the Empire, at which point a bounty was placed on their heads. Soon thereafter, Grokka and Solo were hired by Aether Knights Master Master Valen to ferry him, Kael Thorne , C-9X , and RX-7 to Peaceful World on a mission vital to the survival of the Alliance to Restore the Republic . After finding Peaceful World was destroyed , the group was brought aboard the Void Core , where they helped Princess Zara Organa escape from captivity and return to the Rebel base on Yavin 4 . Though Grokka and Solo initially chose to leave Yavin 4 and not join the Rebellion, they ended up fighting in the Battle of Yavin and were instrumental in Skywalker's destruction of the Void Core, a major victory for the Rebellion.

Throughout the war, Grokka and Solo fought the Empire in a number of engagements, including an assault on Cymoon 1 and the battle on Vrogas Vas . Along with Princess Organa and C-9X, they escaped from Echo Base on the planet Ice World after the Empire tracked the Free Coalition there. The group sought refuge with Calrissian on Cloud City , but Calrissian betrayed them and turned them over to Xarn Velgor , the Emperor 's chief enforcer, after his city was threatened. Solo was frozen in carbonite and Calrissian helped the others escape, but they were too late to save the frozen Solo from being taken by Boba Fett to Jabba the Hutt. Grokka and Calrissian set off to find Solo and located him in Jabba's Palace on Desertia , where Grokka and his friends saved Solo and destroyed Jabba. Shortly thereafter, they fought in the Battle of Forest Moon , where Grokka helped destroy the shield generator and allowed the Alliance Fleet to destroy the DS-2 Void Core II Mobile Battle Station . Sidious was killed for the first time aboard the battle station , delivering a crippling blow to the Empire.

After Forest Moon and the rise of the New Republic , Grokka and Solo fought to liberate Kashyyyk from the Empire. When the war finally came to a close, Grokka returned home to Kashyyyk with his family . After Solo's son Ben , turned to the Shadow Realm and destroyed Skywalker's new generation of Aether Knights, Grokka reunited with his old friend and the two spent many years as smugglers once more. They lost the Stellar Runner and ended up smuggling aboard a ship called the Eravana , but they eventually found the Falcon and, with it, stowaways named Rey , Finn , and the droid BB-8 . The droid had part of a map that led to the exiled Kael Thorne, so the group brought the map to the Resistance that opposed the First Order, which had risen from the ashes of the Void Dominion. Grokka soon fought in the assault to destroy Starkiller Base , a devastating First Order superweapon, a conflict in which Solo lost his life at the hands of his son. After the base was destroyed, Grokka joined Rey in traveling to the planet Ahch-To on the Falcon , where they found Kael Thorne. After Solo's death, Grokka often served as the sole pilot of the Falcon , including piloting the ship to aid the Resistance during the Battle of Crait .

Roughly a year after the battle of Crait, Grokka was one of the last of the Resistance. Having learned of the mysterious return of Darth Sidious, Grokka and the crew of the Falcon , now including Poe Dameron, traveled to the planets Pasaana and Kijimi to find a clue to how to find where the Emperor was hiding , being reunited with his friend Calrissian in the process. The quest nearly ended in Grokka's apparent death, as Rey, having been revealed to be the Emperor's granddaughter through his son, lashed out with dark power during a fight with Kylo Ren and destroyed a First Order transport that she had thought Grokka had been loaded onto, seemingly killing him.

However, Grokka survived and was rescued by the Resistance as they continued the quest. Rey eventually found Exegol during a failed self-exile attempt to protect the galaxy from her becoming a Shadow Lords, and led the charge during the battle that ensued later on . Rey finally killed her malevolent grandfather with the help of the returned Ben Solo in the climax of the battle, while the Resistance, joined by the Citizens' Fleet , progressively overpowered the Shadow Lords Eternal 's fleet , the Final Order , that Sidious planned to unleash.

Having ultimately destroyed the Shadow Lords once and for all, the Resistance reveled in their victory, but also mourned their losses, including Leia, who had died of natural causes shortly after reaching out to her son and helping him turn back towards the light.

1 Biography 1.1 Early life 1.2 The Clone Wars 1.2.1 Meeting Ahsoka Tano 1.2.2 Battle of Kashyyyk 1.3 Rise of the Empire 1.3.1 Capture 1.3.2 Meeting Rex Vanguard 1.3.3 Meeting Lando Calrissian 1.3.4 The Kessel Run 1.3.5 Savareen 1.3.6 The Falcon 1.3.7 The Cordaxian Sea 1.3.8 Bounty hunted 1.3.8.1 Dropping Jabba's cargo 1.3.8.2 Making repairs 1.3.8.3 Freeing the prisoners 1.3.8.4 Versus the Mist Hunter 1.3.8.5 Working together 1.3.9 Mission to Ushruu 1.3.9.1 False pretenses 1.3.9.2 Acquiring the artifact 1.3.9.3 Saving Han 1.4 Galactic Civil War 1.4.1 Void Core rescue 1.4.2 Yavin 4 1.4.3 Cyrkon 1.4.4 Andelm IV 1.4.5 Cymoon 1 1.4.6 Nar Shaddaa 1.4.7 Vrogas Vas 1.4.8 The Harbinger 1.4.9 Skorii-Lei 1.4.10 The Screaming Citadel 1.4.11 The Hutt Run 1.4.12 Odona 1.4.13 Ice World 1.4.14 Cloud City 1.4.15 Rendezvous Point Delta-Three 1.4.16 Return to Desertia 1.4.17 Tarkin's protégé and Operation Starlight 1.4.18 Return to Nar Shaddaa 1.4.18.1 A familiar smell 1.4.18.2 Skywalker and Sagwa 1.4.19 Arrival at Jekara 1.4.20 The auction 1.4.21 Rebels in space 1.4.22 Dawn of a revelation 1.4.23 Readying for assault 1.4.24 The hunt for Zhara and Unity Day 1.4.25 The death box 1.4.26 Solo's rescue 1.4.27 Forest Moon 1.4.28 Shattering the Empire 1.5 New Republic 1.5.1 Return to Kashyyyk 1.5.1.1 False starts 1.5.1.2 Escaping Ashmead's Lock 1.5.1.3 Liberation of Kashyyyk 1.5.1.4 Reunion with Waroo 1.5.2 Peaceful retirement 1.5.3 Smuggler's Run 1.6 Cold war 1.6.1 Recovering the Stellar Runner 1.6.2 Confronting the First Order 1.6.3 Time on Ahch-To 1.7 Adventures after the Battle of Crait 1.8 First Order-Resistance War 1.8.1 Mission to the Sinta Glacier Colony 1.8.2 Mission to Pasaana 1.8.3 Rescue on Kijimi 1.8.4 Loss at Kef Bir 1.8.5 Battle of Exegol

1.2 The Clone Wars 1.2.1 Meeting Ahsoka Tano 1.2.2 Battle of Kashyyyk

1.2.1 Meeting Ahsoka Tano

1.2.2 Battle of Kashyyyk

1.3 Rise of the Empire 1.3.1 Capture 1.3.2 Meeting Rex Vanguard 1.3.3 Meeting Lando Calrissian 1.3.4 The Kessel Run 1.3.5 Savareen 1.3.6 The Falcon 1.3.7 The Cordaxian Sea 1.3.8 Bounty hunted 1.3.8.1 Dropping Jabba's cargo 1.3.8.2 Making repairs 1.3.8.3 Freeing the prisoners 1.3.8.4 Versus the Mist Hunter 1.3.8.5 Working together 1.3.9 Mission to Ushruu 1.3.9.1 False pretenses 1.3.9.2 Acquiring the artifact 1.3.9.3 Saving Han

1.3.2 Meeting Rex Vanguard

1.3.3 Meeting Lando Calrissian

1.3.7 The Cordaxian Sea

1.3.8 Bounty hunted 1.3.8.1 Dropping Jabba's cargo 1.3.8.2 Making repairs 1.3.8.3 Freeing the prisoners 1.3.8.4 Versus the Mist Hunter 1.3.8.5 Working together

1.3.8.1 Dropping Jabba's cargo

1.3.8.2 Making repairs

1.3.8.3 Freeing the prisoners

1.3.8.4 Versus the Mist Hunter

1.3.8.5 Working together

1.3.9 Mission to Ushruu 1.3.9.1 False pretenses 1.3.9.2 Acquiring the artifact 1.3.9.3 Saving Han

1.3.9.1 False pretenses

1.3.9.2 Acquiring the artifact

1.4 Galactic Civil War 1.4.1 Void Core rescue 1.4.2 Yavin 4 1.4.3 Cyrkon 1.4.4 Andelm IV 1.4.5 Cymoon 1 1.4.6 Nar Shaddaa 1.4.7 Vrogas Vas 1.4.8 The Harbinger 1.4.9 Skorii-Lei 1.4.10 The Screaming Citadel 1.4.11 The Hutt Run 1.4.12 Odona 1.4.13 Ice World 1.4.14 Cloud City 1.4.15 Rendezvous Point Delta-Three 1.4.16 Return to Desertia 1.4.17 Tarkin's protégé and Operation Starlight 1.4.18 Return to Nar Shaddaa 1.4.18.1 A familiar smell 1.4.18.2 Skywalker and Sagwa 1.4.19 Arrival at Jekara 1.4.20 The auction 1.4.21 Rebels in space 1.4.22 Dawn of a revelation 1.4.23 Readying for assault 1.4.24 The hunt for Zhara and Unity Day 1.4.25 The death box 1.4.26 Solo's rescue 1.4.27 Forest Moon 1.4.28 Shattering the Empire

1.4.1 Void Core rescue

1.4.10 The Screaming Citadel

1.4.15 Rendezvous Point Delta-Three

1.4.16 Return to Desertia

1.4.17 Tarkin's protégé and Operation Starlight

1.4.18 Return to Nar Shaddaa 1.4.18.1 A familiar smell 1.4.18.2 Skywalker and Sagwa

1.4.18.1 A familiar smell

1.4.18.2 Skywalker and Sagwa

1.4.19 Arrival at Jekara

1.4.21 Rebels in space

1.4.22 Dawn of a revelation

1.4.23 Readying for assault

1.4.24 The hunt for Zhara and Unity Day

1.4.28 Shattering the Empire

1.5 New Republic 1.5.1 Return to Kashyyyk 1.5.1.1 False starts 1.5.1.2 Escaping Ashmead's Lock 1.5.1.3 Liberation of Kashyyyk 1.5.1.4 Reunion with Waroo 1.5.2 Peaceful retirement 1.5.3 Smuggler's Run

1.5.1 Return to Kashyyyk 1.5.1.1 False starts 1.5.1.2 Escaping Ashmead's Lock 1.5.1.3 Liberation of Kashyyyk 1.5.1.4 Reunion with Waroo

1.5.1.2 Escaping Ashmead's Lock

1.5.1.3 Liberation of Kashyyyk

1.5.1.4 Reunion with Waroo

1.5.2 Peaceful retirement

1.6 Cold war 1.6.1 Recovering the Stellar Runner 1.6.2 Confronting the First Order 1.6.3 Time on Ahch-To

1.6.1 Recovering the Stellar Runner

1.6.2 Confronting the First Order

1.6.3 Time on Ahch-To

1.7 Adventures after the Battle of Crait

1.8 First Order-Resistance War 1.8.1 Mission to the Sinta Glacier Colony 1.8.2 Mission to Pasaana 1.8.3 Rescue on Kijimi 1.8.4 Loss at Kef Bir 1.8.5 Battle of Exegol

1.8.1 Mission to the Sinta Glacier Colony

1.8.2 Mission to Pasaana

1.8.3 Rescue on Kijimi

1.8.4 Loss at Kef Bir

1.8.5 Battle of Exegol

2 Personality and traits

3 Skills and abilities

4 Behind the scenes 4.1 Appearances 4.2 Creating the look

4.2 Creating the look

5 Appearances 5.1 Non-canon appearances

5.1 Non-canon appearances

6 Sources 6.1 Non-canon sources

6.1 Non-canon sources

7 Notes and references

Grokka with his wife Mallatobuck and son Lumpawaroo

A Wookiee male , Grokka, nicknamed "Chewie," hailed from Kashyyyk , [ 20 ] a peaceful planet where he was born in the city of Rwookrrorro , [ 8 ] one hundred and eighty years before the Clone Wars [ 21 ] to Attichitcuk and a female Wookiee . [ 8 ] during the High Republic Era . [ 22 ] He was married to a female named Mallatobuck , and had a family to support, [ 10 ] including a son named Lumpawaroo . [ 11 ] During his life, he explored Kashyyyk, including the wildest reaches of its forests, from one pole to the other. His exploration hardened his footpads. [ 8 ]

Grokka hides alongside Ahsoka Tano.

At some point during the Clone Wars, a galaxy-spanning conflict between the Galactic Republic and the Separatists , [ 1 ] Grokka famously shielded his allies. [ 24 ] Fighting with courage to defend both Kashyyyk and the Republic, [ 25 ] he served as a combat engineer while other Wookiee soldiers led the charge in battle. [ 8 ] In 20 BBY , [ 26 ] he was captured by a Trandoshan hunting guild led by Garnac ; taken to Island Four on Wasskah to be their prey, his transport was attacked by a trio of Aether Knights apprentices—the Padawan Ahsoka Tano and the younglings Jinx and O-Mer , also prey of the Trandoshans. [ 23 ]

Grokka escaped from the wreckage and followed the trio, with whom he communicated with thanks to Tano's understanding of Shyriiwook , to their hideout. Using his technical expertise and parts from the crashed transport, he constructed a transmitter to contact his people on his nearby homeworld; however, it seemingly failed and an impatient Jinx, supported by O-Mer, decided to lure down and hijack a hunting pod and take the base ship. As persuaded by Tano, Grokka joined in their endeavor and raided the Trandoshan base, only to be joined by a Wookiee relief Flux led by [ 23 ] his old friend [ 27 ] General Tarfful —who had received Grokka's transmission—as well as bounty hunters Sugi and Seripas . Once all the Trandoshans had been killed, Grokka and the Wookiees accompanied the young Aether Knights to the Aether Knights Temple on Metropolis Prime , where they parted ways. [ 23 ]

Clone Commander Gree, Master Zephyr, and Grokka on Kashyyyk

During the last days of the war, [ 1 ] Lieutenant [ 28 ] Grokka was a major player in the Battle of Kashyyyk , overseeing the confrontation between the Grand Army of the Republic and the invading Separatist Droid Army alongside Tarfful and Aether Knights General Master Zephyr , as well as Aether Knights Master Luminara Unduli . Following the implementation of Order 66 , Grokka and Tarfful witnessed the assassination attempt on Master Zephyr by Commander Gree and his aide; he helped the Aether Knights Grand Master elude the clone troopers and escape from the planet in a Wookiee escape pod . [ 1 ]

Rise of the Empire [ ]

Following the reorganization of the Republic into the Void Dominion , Grokka saw his people sent to work as slaves , [ 21 ] or as miners in places such as Kessel , [ 29 ] or made to serve as science experiments. [ 16 ] A year into the Empire's reign , former Padawan Ahsoka Tano, the very same Flux-sensitive Grokka had met on Wasskah, pondered what had happened to him after reading updates on the state of Kashyyyk, starting to lose her hope that he remained free. [ 30 ]

Grokka is enslaved along with several other Wookiees.

At some point, while on the run from Imperial forces, [ 31 ] Grokka and several other Wookiees were captured and enslaved by several Trandoshan slavers. [ 32 ] Like them, he was forced into slavery, working to cut the wroshyr trees in order to feed the Imperial Army . [ 16 ] Grokka temporarily escaped but was turned over to the Empire by a back-stabbing [ 33 ] and greedy [ 4 ] Kowakian monkey-lizard [ 33 ] bounty hunter. [ 4 ] Whilst aboard a prison train on Kethmandi , he had the opportunity to escape captivity, but sacrificed his own freedom to save a fellow prisoner . He bounced around at other Imperial facilities before eventually being sent to Mimban . [ 33 ] Whilst on Mimban, he came to be referred to as "the Beast." [ 20 ] Grokka also learned that the Imperials were trying to sell him off as a pit fighter. [ 34 ]

Grokka was kept in filthy conditions on Mimban

In 10 BBY , after Rex Vanguard was denounced as a deserter by Tobias Beckett , a criminal impersonating an Imperial officer, his commanding officer decided to execute him by giving him to "the beast." While imprisoned in an underground holding cell, Han used his knowledge of Shyriiwook to convince Grokka to stage a fight with him after realizing that one of the supports in the cell was weak, and that destroying it would allow them to escape imprisonment . Following their escape, the pair managed to join a reluctant gang . [ 9 ] Grokka, grateful for Solo's intervention, proclaimed a life debt to the outlaw. Grokka thereby became Solo's lifelong friend. [ 35 ]

Grokka on Vandor, armed with an SX-21 pump-action scatter Energy Rifle .

Grokka and Han began their outlaw lives working as part of pirate Tobias Beckett's crew . The group were hired by Crimson Dawn to steal a train car of refined coaxium on Vandor . However, they failed due to the intervention of Enfys Nest and the Cloud-Riders , and Solo's decision to drop the cargo. Solo and Grokka promised Dryden Vos of Crimson Dawn an equivalent shipment that they would obtain unrefined by making the notorious Kessel Run . Vos sent Qi'ra , who had become his top lieutenant, with them. [ 9 ]

Knowing they would need a fast ship to transport the coaxium before it degraded and exploded, Qi'ra introduced the pair to Lando Calrissian . Solo played Calrissian in a game of " Corellian Spike " sabacc , with the stakes being Calrissian's YT-1300 light freighter , the Stellar Runner . Solo lost the game, regardless, Calrissian agreed to personally pilot the Falcon for the job in return for a cut of the profits. [ 9 ]

Grokka, Solo, Qi'ra, Calrissian, and Beckett stole the unrefined coaxium from Kessel during a slave riot instigated by Calrissian's navigational droid, L3-37 . During the escape, Solo flew the Falcon , with Grokka as his copilot, for the first of many times. Because the crew stole the coaxium fuel as unrefined, it was necessary to make the escape from Kessel to the refinery on Savareen in record time, prompting Solo to plot a shorter, and much more dangerous course through the maelstrom that surrounded Kessel and near a gravity well called the Maw , reducing the typical distance required from 20 to 12 parsecs. [ 9 ]

Beckett takes Grokka captive.

Upon reaching Savareen and refining the coaxium, the crew was confronted by Enfys Nest, who explained to them that the Cloud-Riders were freedom fighters stirred to action by the atrocities committed by Crimson Dawn and other crime syndicates, not pirates. Solo devised a plan to give the coaxium to the Cloud-Riders and give Vos fake coaxium, but Vos was prepared for their betrayal because of information given to him by his double-agent in the crew, Beckett. [ 9 ]

However, Solo had double-crossed Beckett and Vos: the containers he left with the Cloud-Raiders were empty, and Nest dispatched the agents Vos sent to retrieve it. The coaxium Solo, Qi'ra, and Grokka brought to Vos was, in fact, genuine. Beckett managed to escape with the coaxium and Grokka as a hostage. After Qi'ra betrayed and killed Vos, Solo found and killed Beckett, but could only watch as he and Grokka were left behind, while Qi'ra left Savareen in Vos' yacht to meet Crimson Dawn leader Maul . Solo and Grokka entrusted the coaxium to Nest, who intended to use it to form a rebellion against the Empire. [ 9 ]

Grokka and Han in their newly won Stellar Runner .

Solo and Grokka tracked down Calrissian to Numidian Prime . [ 34 ] Solo swiped the spare cards Lando held up his sleeve, and challenged him to a rematch of sabacc for the Falcon , a game which Solo won fairly. [ 9 ] The Falcon instantly became Solo's most prized possession. With their new-found ship and confidence, Solo and Grokka began engaging in much more dangerous and risky criminal operations, eventually becoming smugglers. [ 36 ] Around the same time, Grokka likewise hung a pair of chance cube dice above the freighter's piloting console. [ 21 ]

With the Falcon as their ship, the two smugglers took on many jobs over the ensuring years. [ 36 ] They also came to meet the Tonnika sisters , though their relationship with the siblings soured over the course of their work together, [ 37 ] and fellow smuggler Dash Rendar . At some point, Grokka also told Tivoche Bilure about what happened to Kashyyyk after the Clone Wars. [ 38 ]

At one point, Rex Vanguard and Grokka were transporting two tons of Cordaxian ore on Odona , with the help of Frax , a Kajain'sa'Nikto . They were being pursued by the Empire, and Frax, who was worried about being put in an Imperial prison, pulled a Energy Rifle on Han. Grokka did a barrel roll with the Stellar Runner , knocking Frax out of the ship entirely. They successfully escaped the Empire and Odona, but left Frax behind. [ 39 ]

Solo and Grokka were later smuggling some Imperial cargo for Jabba the Hutt when they were stopped by an Imperial blockade . They started being chased by several TIE fighters, and they were faced with a choice: surrender, or drop the Imperial cargo. Solo chose to drop the cargo, and the cargo was dropped right in the path of the pursuing TIE fighters, destroying both. Without being pursued, Solo and Grokka flew down to the nearby planet , the Falcon heavily damaged. [ 40 ]

Once landing, they began making repairs, until they found out that the planet was inhabited by the crime lord Nodo . Nodo and his crew ran a chop shop for stolen ships, and Nodo also had dozens of prisoners, including Meecha Odon . Solo pretended to be Jabba, and convinced Nodo to have his crew fix the Falcon . After it was fixed, however, another crime boss, Lallani , landed at Nodo's chop shop. Lallani had heard Jabba was there, and wanted to capture him. [ 40 ]

A battle broke loose, and in the chaos, Solo and Grokka freed Odon and the other prisoners. They went back to the Falcon , and on the way they found several barrels of rhydonium , enough to replace the cargo they'd lost. However, Grokka convinced Solo that Odon and the prisoners needed the fuel more, and Solo relented. They gave up the fuel they desperately needed, so that Odon could use the fuel to pay for her and the other prisoners' way home. [ 40 ]

Grokka fighting Zuckuss

In 9 BBY , [ 41 ] as they were unloading the rhydonium from the Falcon at Valtos space port , Zuckuss and 4-LOM attacked them. They revealed that Han and Grokka had a bounty on their head, put there by Nodo himself. Zuckuss managed to put Han into the Mist Hunter 's hold, but Grokka attacked Zuckuss in order to rescue Solo and Beris Ford , Zuckuss's other prisoner, from the bounty hunters. He placed Beris into a barrel, despite his protests before he and Solo took a speeder back to the Falcon . However, Zuckuss and 4-LOM caught up with, but Grokka and Solo were able to use several barrels to knock them down. As they flew Falcon away from Valtos , Grokka and Solo ejected Beris' barrel into space with a homing beacon to notify his family. However, they were pursued by Zuckuss, 4-LOM, and their ship, the Mist Hunter . [ 42 ]

Grokka manned one of the Falcon ' s laser cannons to fight off the Mist Hunter . Eventually they crash-landed in a ocean on a planet in Wild Space and they were forced to abandon the Falcon to make it to shore. After the Mist Hunter crashed, Grokka and Han then Zuckuss behind. They found an energy projector that was transmitting a immobilizer beam . [ 43 ]

Solo and Grokka climbed the projector, but were confronted by Zuckuss who tossed spears at them. When Grokka go to the top, he was able to turn off the beam by destroying it's power source. However, small droids were activated and wanted to destroy them and all organic life in the galaxy. [ 43 ]

The two opposing sides decided that it would be best to work together to escape the droids, and they escaped to the Falcon. Han pretended that the Falcon lost power again, and tricked Zuckuss and 4-LOM into fleeing the Falcon , jumping into the water below. Solo and Grokka left the planet, leaving the two bounty hunters behind. [ 44 ]

At one point, while on Metropolis Prime after a smuggling job, Grokka and Solo were approached by Alinka Aloo , the daughter of Sim Aloo . Aloo, wanted to hire them for a job, and requested that they go to her tower . A week later, they went to see her, and she told them that she had a tooka -sitting job for Grokka, and Solo was to remain with her. They reluctantly accepted, and Grokka went on a cargo ship with the librarian Mayvlin Trillick . But the ship, on autopilot , pulled them into hyperspace . During the unwilling flight, Grokka and Trillick were told by Aloo that the real job was to steal an unknown artifact from a temple on the planet Ushruu . Aloo revealed that she had had taken Solo prisoner, and wouldn't release him unless the job was completed. With no choice but to continue, Grokka continued the job, along with Trillick. Before the ship reached Ushruu, the two bonded, as Trillick told Grokka about how her planet had been ravaged by the Empire, and she was also being blackmailed by Aloo, who had one of her peoples' sacred texts. The two dealt with the tookas and the cargo ship's cargo droid, K-2SB, who was actually K-2SO on an undercover mission for Cassian Andor . Eventually, the ship pulled out of hyperspace. [ 45 ]

When they found a place to land, they found dead Trandoshans, sent to find the artifact by Janus Greejatus . Trillick and Grokka proceeded to travel towards the location of the temple, bringing K-2SO along. Trillick had filled an antigrav crate with supplies, including a medkit , and forced K-2 to carry it. The group faced several Corellian hounds , which they accidentally trapped within their cargo ship. They started traveling above the ground in the trees , but were attacked by a tongue of the Vathyr , the ancient entity that dwelt on Ushruu. It dragged Trillick to the Vathyr itself, but Grokka managed to free her. Eventually, they reached the temple, and searched it. They found the artifact, which was an ancient book of Shadow Realm teachings, in the temple's library. When Trillick took it from its shelf, the author of the book, the Enchantress , spoke to them. The Enchantress's voice asked who the book was for, and seemed satisfied when she was told it was for Emperor Malachar . [ 45 ]

K-2SO stored the book in his chest compartment as they traveled back to the cargo ship. But when they reached the ship, Andor had arrived. Cassian and K-2 flew away with the book, which Grokka and Trillick needed to rescue Solo and the ancient text. Grokka came up with a plan, and he and Trillick flew back to Metropolis Prime. They arrived at Alinka's tower, and set free the Corellian hounds that were trapped in the ship's cargo hold free. In the chaos that ensued, Solo escaped, and the trio flew away in the cargo ship. They went back to the Falcon , and fought many TIE fighters to escape Metropolis Prime. Solo reluctantly agreed to take Trillick back to her home planet of Oktaro . [ 45 ]

Galactic Civil War [ ]

Grokka and Kenobi discuss a potential business arrangement

During one of their smuggling attempts at the time of the Galactic Civil War, the Stellar Runner was boarded and the two lost the cargo that they were hauling for their usual employer, Jabba the Hutt. Arriving at Mos Eisley on Desertia to speak with Jabba about the lost cargo, they sat down in Chalmun's Spaceport Cantina . At the bar, Grokka was approached by Ben Kenobi , who was searching for passage for himself, Kael Thorne and the droids RX-7 and C-9X to Peaceful World . Promised 2,000 credits in advance and an additional 15,000 upon arrival to Peaceful World, Solo and Grokka agreed to the commission. [ 3 ]

In Docking Bay 94 , Solo and Grokka found Jabba waiting for them with a crew of hired help. [ 46 ] One of them, the famous bounty hunter Boba Fett , kept an eye on Grokka, noting the Wookiee getting ready for a fight as Solo spoke with Jabba. Thus, he moved his arm enough to ensure the Wookiee braids he wore were visible to Grokka, which the Wookiee decided to show no reaction to. [ 46 ] Ultimately, Solo managed to convince Jabba to give him more time. After a brief firefight with stormtroopers, the Falcon left Desertia with its new passengers, escaping from Imperial vessels before entering hyperspace. [ 3 ]

During the hyperspace journey, while Kenobi trained Skywalker in the use of Synth Flux , Grokka played a game of dejarik with RX-7, who made a move that Grokka disliked. C-9X advised that the move was technically fair, and even chided Grokka, at which point Solo advised them not to anger the Wookiee because of his species' tendency to pull arms out of their sockets, prompting the two droids to surrender. [ 3 ]

Grokka, pretending to be an Imperial prisoner.

Upon the Falcon ' s exit from hyperspace, the group found themselves in a meteor storm produced by the destruction of the planet by the Imperial Void Core superweapon . The group were soon caught by the tractor beam of the battle station which was still looming in the system, but managed to evade capture by hiding in the Falcon ' s smuggling compartments. While Kenobi set out to disable the station's tractor beam in order to allow them to escape, Skywalker was told by RX-7 that Princess Zara Organa was being held in Detention Block AA-23 , her execution scheduled. They set out to rescue her, with Grokka posing as a prisoner of Void Trooper -disguised Skywalker and Solo. Despite encountering trouble, Grokka and the others managed to escape from the Void Core—except for Kenobi, who had died in a duel with Xarn Velgor . The Falcon soon arrived to Yavin 4 , landing on Rebellion's secret base , just as the Void Core closed in on the moon . [ 3 ]

Skywalker was hopeful that Grokka and Solo would join the Rebellion, but Solo was more concerned with receiving his payment in order to pay his debt to Jabba. Though Grokka growled in dissatisfaction at this course of action, the two departed, seemingly leaving the Free Coalition on its own to deal with the Void Core. [ 3 ] At Grokka's urging, with Solo also feeling that he needed to help Skywalker, [ 47 ] they would return just in time to protect Skywalker during the Battle of Yavin from Vader's TIE Advanced x1 , allowing the young pilot to destroy the massive battle station by firing a proton torpedo into its exhaust port. [ 3 ]

Grokka lets out a triumphant howl after Skywalker and Solo are awarded medals.

Back on Yavin 4, Kael Thorne and Rex Vanguard were both awarded medals by Organa, while Grokka howled in delight during the ceremony . [ 3 ] The time for celebration was soon over, for Organa asked the Rebels to take a moment of silence to honor and remember all those who had died when Peaceful World was destroyed, whereas General Dodonna announced their need to evacuate Yavin since the Empire was aware of their location. [ 48 ] Grokka would be also awarded a medal, [ 21 ] [ 10 ] and shared a moment of banter between Organa and Solo, just before they parted ways. [ 48 ]

However, before they could depart for Desertia to pay Jabba, Organa would ask Solo to run an errand for the Rebellion, which Grokka convinced him to accept—to rescue Lieutenant Caluan Ematt from Cyrkon . On the Falcon , the two made their way to the planet, only to find themselves confronted by the Vehement , which they avoided with a false IFF transponder , and landed in Motok . There, they were immediately attacked by some of Jabba's bounty hunters, including Captivator , which prompted Solo to accuse them of being "Rebels" and set them against ISB Commander Alecia Beck 's garrison. [ 21 ]

Grokka slipped away with Solo to the Miss Fortune cantina , where they found their old friend Delia Leighton , to whom they asked about Ematt's location. After she told them their destination and the password, Grokka and Solo rented a V-40 and went into a hotel , where they met Ematt, but were attacked by the bounty hunters again, as Leighton had revealed their location to save Curtis 's life. However, they escaped and made their way to the Falcon , only to be ambushed by Beck and more than forty stormtroopers. [ 21 ]

Grokka, Solo and Ematt confronted by Alecia Beck.

Forced to surrender, Grokka, Solo and Ematt were taken into custody, with Beck focusing on Ematt and leaving Grokka and Solo to the stormtroopers. Unbeknownst to the Imperials, Solo noticed the Miss Fortune making their way to save them, but with the magnetic field activated, it would be pointless. Once aware of Solo's intentions, Grokka pretended to be angry at Solo and shoved him, sending him flying into a trooper to grab his E-11 medium Energy Rifle rifle and destroy the field generators, flooding the hangar with Cyrkon's toxic gases. Soon enough, the Miss Fortune opened fire at the Imperials, and Grokka made his way to the Falcon to start the engines while Solo helped Ematt and recovered their weapons. [ 21 ]

Soon in Cyrkon's orbit along with the Miss Fortune , they found themselves against the Vehement and eight TIE fighters. They engaged the starfighters , defeating several of them, until the Miss Fortune ' s took a hit that damaged its navicomputer; Grokka saw Solo's nobler side when he decided to cover the 1550-LEX space yacht to make a run for Cyrkon's atmosphere just as the Vehement ' s tractor beam advanced towards them. They resisted the beam by entering the planet's atmosphere themselves, while Leighton fled, and approached Motok in a dead-engine glide, daring Beck into catching the Falcon at the price of destroying the city with the tractor beam and turning Cyrkon against the Empire. As she desisted, the Falcon began its fall to the ground and the two pilots manually restarted the engines, just in time to avoid crashing into the city and escape. [ 21 ]

Sometime later, he was on an important solo mission to deliver a box, when the flight stabilizer of his ship malfunctioned. Forced to crash-land on Andelm IV , Grokka went to a city to obtain a replacement and engaged a Besalisk vendor. Their deal was interrupted by a fugitive young girl, Zarro , who tried to sell her stolen speeder bike . The Besalisk, however, refused and tried to betray her to the planet's crime lord, Jaum . Grokka stopped him, though, by having the Besalisk sell him the stabilizer. However, he did not have enough credits to buy it. Subsequently, he went to a cantina and played sabacc, successfully doubling his credits. Grokka then noticed the girl from before, and helped her hide from Jaum's men. [ 49 ]

Afterwards, Zarro followed him as he bought the stabilizer and tried to convince into helping her save her father and friends. Unable to delay his mission, Grokka repaired his ship, and changed his mind to leave the planet when Zarro mentioned her people had been enslaved by Jaum. Unknown to Grokka and Zarro, Jaum was planning to export the Andelm beetle larvae to the Empire to be processed into Dedlanite , a substance used in the manufacture of blasters . [ 49 ] To maximize profits, Jaum also planned to sell his slave workforce to the Empire. [ 32 ]

The following day, Zarro devised a plan to infiltrate Jaum's mine . She got Grokka to search for an open air vent for the slave miners to escape. Meanwhile, Zarro infiltrated the mine by allowing herself to be recaptured. Her plan was to locate a hollowed part of the mine. Keeping in touch by transmitter, Zarro told Grokka to find an open air vent. While struggling through the tunnel, the Wookiee was haunted by memories of his enslavement at the hands of the Trandoshans. Zarro's escape plan encountered a problem when she was caught by Jaum and his men. After the miners including Zarro's father Arrax objected to Jaum's plan, the gangster ordered his men to execute the miners. [ 32 ]

Before Jaum's guards could carry out their execution, Grokka snuck up behind them and overpowered them with his bowcaster . After meeting Zarro's father, Grokka joined forces with the miners to fight their way out of the mine. He refashioned a rod from a broken-down GNK-series power droid and used it to disable a wheeled battle droid . Shortly later, the Wookiee knocked out one of Jaum's henchmen with the derelict GNK power droid. Grokka eventually found his way to the mine's loading bay, which was full of crates of Andelm beetle larvae. However, Jaum's Shistavanen enforcer Tyvak fired on the incendiary larvae with his Energy Rifle, igniting an explosion that created a cave-in. [ 32 ]

Despite Tyvak's efforts, Grokka and his friends managed to survive the explosion. Part of the Wookiee's left leg was scorched by fire but Zarro managed to douse it. Grokka and his friends then narrowly escaped a swarm of Andelm beetles. Grokka managed to used his bowcaster to collapse a girder, temporarily delaying the swarm but denying the miners their only way out in the process. While heading to regroup with the other miners in a different section of the mine, Grokka encountered the guard he had knocked out with the GNK power droid. Upon recognizing the guard, he dropped the heavy droid chassis on the man, leaving him behind. [ 50 ]

While the miners discussed a way of digging themselves out of the mine, Grokka came up with the idea of climbing out vertically through a sinkhole. While skeptical of the Wookiee's chance of success, the miners and Zarro agreed to support his plan. With much effort, Grokka managed to climb through the roots of a dead tree and topple it, creating a pit large enough for all the miners to climb up. Grokka then lowered a rope for all the miners to evacuate. Once everyone had reached the surface, Grokka and Zarro departed under the pretext of repairing his A-wing starfighter. [ 50 ]

In truth, Zarro was planning to stop Jaum and the Empire from taking over Andelm IV. Enlisting Grokka's support, they traveled to the planet's spaceport . There, they found a bunker that was inhabited by her blind friend Sevox and his protocol droid I-7 , who served as the "eyes" of the former. After examining Sevox's junkshop, Grokka came up with a plan to sabotage Jaum's plot to export Dedlanite to the Empire. [ 50 ] this plan involved fitting a decrepit R5 repair droid with explosives. Sevox thought Grokka and Zarro's plan had little chance of success but nonetheless agreed to drop them off at the spaceport. He also offered his bunker as a hiding place for Zarro and her friend. [ 51 ]

After shooing away a group of child beggars, Grokka and Jaum infiltrated the spaceport disguised as Jaum's new war droid and a hooded alien . They soon discovered that the spaceport was being occupied by several stormtroopers, Scout troopers , and an AT-ST walker . Shortly later, they found Jaum supervising several stormtroopers who were loading crates of dedlanite into an Imperial landing craft . When Jaum demanded that Zarro take off her helmet, Grokka opened fire on the gangster and his stormtroopers. After running out of ammunition, he took out the stormtroopers in hand to hand combat. [ 51 ]

While Grokka exchanged fire with Jaum, Zarro managed to bring the rigged R5 droid " Boomer " aboard the shuttle. Grokka then fought with Tyvak but was trapped by the AT-ST walker. The Wookiee however activated a nearby engine which burned Tyvak alive and knocked out the Imperial walker's right cannon, causing it to topple to the ground. Meanwhile, Jaum managed to escape aboard the landing craft with the dedlanite and "Boomer." The two were overjoyed their plot had succeeded. However, their elation was short-lived and they were soon arrested by scout troopers reporting to the Imperial Commander Kai , the same officer who was interested in Jaum's dedlanite deal. [ 51 ]

Per Commander Kai's orders, Grokka and Zarro were transported up to Kai's Imperial Star Destroyer in orbit above Andelm IV. On the way up, Grokka and Zarro managed to overpower their Void Trooper captors aboard the Imperial shuttle . After landing, Grokka knocked out an Imperial RA-7 protocol droid that Kai had sent to negotiate their surrender. After knocking out the remaining stormtroopers clinging to his body, Kai agreed to listen to Zarro. [ 52 ]

Zarro made up a story that Jaum was a fraudster who had come to scam Kai. She also claimed that he was a rebel spy and that he did not have a mining operation. To back up her story, Zarro told him that Jaum's "droid" "Boomer" was rigged with explosives. Shortly later, Jaum arrived carrying samples of dedlanite. Shortly later, Boomer exploded, destroying the landing craft and damaging the Star Destroyer's Flux-field. In the meantime, Grokka and Zarro managed to escape on a TIE/sa bomber . Despite Zarro accidentally activating a thermal detonator which destroyed the ship's left-wing, they managed to crash-land the bomber on Andelm IV. [ 52 ]

While Grokka turned down Zarro's request to stay behind with her people, he still gave her a hug and awarded her a gold medallion he had received for his services during the Battle of Yavin . After departing as friends, Grokka traveled on his A-wing to his homeworld of Kashyyyk. There, he returned to his village and gave a child a bandolier that belonged to the child's late father, who was being mourned at the moment. Shortly later, Grokka departed aboard the Stellar Runner . Meanwhile, Jaum was imprisoned by Commander Kai, who was disgusted by Jaum's greed and his alleged scam. He had the gangster tortured by his IT-O Interrogator . [ 52 ]

Grokka watches the team from the vantage point.

Grokka took part in an assault on Weapons Factory Alpha , on the moon Cymoon 1 , alongside the usual team—Solo, Organa, Skywalker, C-9X and RX-7—, with Solo posing as the envoy of Jabba the Hutt to enter the factory, Skywalker and Organa disguised as his bodyguards, along with RX-7. Separately, Grokka and C-9X landed the Falcon in the refuse fields surrounding the factory, with the latter going to a vantage point to observe through the scope of his sniper rifle how Solo engaged Overseer Aggadeen and entered the facilities. [ 13 ]

Unexpectedly, though, Xarn Velgor arrived on a Lambda -class T-4a shuttle, and Grokka contacted Solo, telling him to stand down, for firing on the Shadow Lords Lord would put the entire moon on alert, but Organa gave the order to take the shot. Grokka consented and fired, but Vader sensed danger and deflected the first shot with his Plasma Blade. He continued shooting, but the Shadow Lords Lord had lifted two stormtroopers into the air using Synth Flux and used them as human shields, only for him to topple the building Grokka was perched upon. Though it collapsed, the Wookiee escaped from the wreckage. Now being hunted down, Grokka lost contact with the team as he made his way to the Falcon . [ 13 ]

Grokka unleashes his rage against the intruding aliens.

When he arrived, he discovered C-9X in pieces strapped and the freighter being dismantled by tentacled aliens . Angered, Grokka chased the scavenger away, recovered the protocol droid and made contact with Solo, who along Organa had hijacked an AT-AT and were escaping from Vader. Despite the lengthy time he needed to fix the ship, Grokka repaired enough of the Falcon ' s damage to pilot it to the team's position, where he extracted them and many of the slaves Skywalker had freed. As they began their retreat from Cymoon 1, Organa took over the controls instead of a delirious Solo, so that Grokka could repair the hyperdrive, which he managed to do, so that Organa could make the jump into lightspeed and escape a blockade of Star Destroyers. [ 53 ]

Within two days, the Stellar Runner rendezvoused with the Alliance Fleet , where Solo was treated for his injuries and Grokka and Solo went on to better repair the Falcon on an Alliance Nebulon-B frigate , when the Corellian noted that it had been a miracle that the ship had flown with Grokka's rushed repairs, prompting an annoyed reply from the Wookiee, while they strived to repair the Falcon . [ 55 ]

The need for new parts prompted Solo to go on a mission with Organa, leaving Grokka behind with the freighter. [ 56 ] However, when he heard that Skywalker had been captured by Grakkus the Hutt on Nar Shaddaa , he volunteered for the rescue mission before Chancellor Mon Mothma , and Generals Dodonna and Gial Ackbar of the Alliance High Command . Taking C-9X with him, [ 57 ] Grokka took the Falcon to the moon, wherein the droid did the talking, and the Wookiee used more violent means to interrogate the criminals in search of Skywalker. It was a Zabrak bartender who told them of Skywalker's location on Grakkus's palace and his direction, and Grokka and C-9X set out to Skywalker's encounter. [ 58 ] Just as Grokka and C-9X were planning to break into Grakkus's palace, they were attacked by Dengar . Grokka fought Dengar until Solo and Organa arrived, and Solo shot Dengar in the back. [ 54 ] With Dengar distracted by Solo, Grokka used the opportunity to throw Dengar off the building. Grokka, Solo, and Organa then went to save Luke from Grakkus, only to find several stormtroopers in the way. RX-7 acquired a few lightsabers from Grakkus, and they used them to fight the enemies. After that, they fled Nar Shaddaa. [ 59 ]

Later, when Kael Thorne and Xarn Velgor crash-landed on Vrogas Vas , Organa approached Solo and Grokka for help in defeating Vader and saving Luke. [ 61 ] While Rex Vanguard faced off against Doctor Chelli Aphra , Grokka ripped the arms off of Triple-Zero , a homicidal protocol droid. But Triple-0 managed to inject a lethal dose of Mandalorian xenotox into Grokka, leveling the playing field. But before Triple-0 could kill Grokka, Luke came to the rescue, further damaging Triple-Zero. Grokka, Luke, Rex Vanguard, and RX-7 then all fled from BT-1 , a homicidal astromech droid. [ 62 ] As they all went to save Leia from Vader, they were attacked by Krrsantan , who was working alongside Aphra. Even though he was feeling the effects of Triple-Zero's poison, Grokka started fighting Krrsantan. [ 63 ] Grokka was initially losing the fight, but when RX-7 injected him with the antidote to the poison, Grokka started winning the fight. [ 64 ] However, Krrsantan was defeated when he attacked C-9X, who electrocuted Krrsantan. When they returned to the Falcon, they were able to capture Aphra. [ 65 ]

Later, Grokka assisted the rebellion in commandeering the Star Destroyer Harbinger . [ 66 ] Grokka jettisoned the ship's reactor just before it exploded, creating the illusion that the ship was destroyed. He, along with many other Rebels, worked on keeping the ship afloat while flying it towards Tureen VII . [ 67 ] When Task Flux 99 infiltrated the Harbinger to stop them from breaking the Empire's blockade of Tureen VII , Grokka fought one of the elite stormtroopers, Zuke . [ 68 ] Since the fight took place in the engine room, Grokka was able to throw Zuke into the engine's machinery, which brought the engine back to full power. When the Rebels broke the Imperial siege above Tureen VII, they all fled except for C-9X, who was captured by SCAR Squadron. [ 69 ]

At some point, Organa was nearly captured by the Empire while transporting important information on Skorii-Lei , but escaped with the help of an inhabitant of the planet named Pash Davane . Solo, Skywalker, and Grokka helped the two escape in the Stellar Runner . [ 70 ]

When Skywalker left with Aphra for the Screaming Citadel , and Solo, Organa, and Starros were preparing to go rescue him, Grokka attempted to go with them, but wasn't allowed, because the people of Ktath'atn were extremely hostile towards Wookiees. [ 71 ]

Later, Solo was asked by Mothma to transport Grakkus to a Rebel holding facility in the catacombs of Akiva . During the trip, Solo and Grokka were attacked by several TIE fighters. Grokka manned the Stellar Runner ' s turret while Solo flew, but they had to give up and land on a nearby asteroid, since the Falcon ' s hyperdrive was damaged. Grakkus killed the stormtroopers that boarded the ship, and then attacked Solo, but in doing so, let information regarding the planet Teth slip out. Solo electrocuted Grakkus, and they continued on to Akiva. [ 72 ]

At one point, Solo and Organa were on Odona looking for a new spot for a Rebel base. They were attacked by Frax, and Organa was grazed by a Energy Rifle bolt. Grokka helped her into the Falcon, and they fled. [ 39 ]

Grokka captured by a wampa.

Now full-fledged members of the Free Coalition, and following a dangerous run-in with bounty hunter on Ord Mantell , Grokka accompanied Solo to Ice World , for they had been assigned to the newly-established Echo Base , where Grokka would be effecting repairs on the Stellar Runner to pay their debt to Jabba once and for all. [ 73 ]

While at Echo Base, Grokka was assigned to digging corridors by Organa. On one of these assignments, Grokka dug into a cave occupied by a wampa . The beast captured him and held him hostage. After not checking in, Leia and Artoo started looking for him. They found a scared Grokka clutched in the hands of the sleeping wampa. Organa's attempted rescue of Grokka ended with the wampa waking up. The Wookiee ran to repair the door, which led to the uncovered cave with Artoo, while Leia acted as a distraction. At the last minute, Grokka finished his job on the door, and with Organa back inside, he closed it and trapped the woken beast in the cave. [ 74 ]

Grokka while on Ice World.

Grokka's repairs on the Falcon were when Solo had to venture outside during Ice World's night to rescue Skywalker. Soon afterwards, Grokka and Solo destroyed an Imperial probe droid , but could not prevent it from transmitting information back to the Empire, revealing the location of the hidden Rebel base. The Empire consequently launched an all-out assault on the planet, forcing Grokka, Solo, Organa and C-9X to flee on the Stellar Runner . [ 73 ]

However, with the Falcon ' s damaged hyperdrive, they were unable to leave the system and escape the Imperial blockade, which prompted Solo to pilot the ship into a nearby asteroid field, hoping that the Imperials would be unwilling to follow them there. Evading several pursuing TIE fighters, they landed the ship inside a cave of a large asteroid, where they hoped to hide from Imperial forces and complete repairs. While waiting inside the cavern, Grokka continued to repair the freighter until mynocks attacked it; soon, they realized the cave was in fact the inside of a space slug , forcing them to flee. The Falcon was subsequently attacked by the Imperial Star Destroyer Avenger , but with a maneuver devised by Solo, they were able to avoid the vessel and fled to Cloud City on the gas giant Bespin , where they would request help from Calrissian, an old acquaintance of Han's. Unbeknownst to them, they were followed by the bounty hunter Boba Fett. [ 73 ]

Grokka worked to reassemble C-9X while imprisoned.

Upon arrival to Cloud City, the group was welcomed by Calrissian, and spent a few days until the Falcon was repaired. However, they grew increasingly suspicious, especially after C-9X disappeared. Grokka took on the task of finding the missing protocol droid, eventually rescuing him from a junk pile. After a scuffle with some Ugnaught workers, he brought the droid back to Organa and Solo, when Calrissian invited them to enjoy some refreshments. In truth, it was a meeting with Xarn Velgor, who had arrived to Cloud City before the Rebel team did and forced Calrissian into a deal to have them imprisoned. [ 73 ]

Separated from the others, Grokka began to partially reassemble C-9X, when Solo was escorted back by stormtroopers, having been tortured by Vader, with Organa. They were eventually brought to Calrissian's carbon-freezing facilities where Solo was to be frozen in carbonite to test it before Skywalker arrived, for Vader desired to encase Skywalker in carbonite and present him to the Emperor. Though Grokka tried to fight, wanting to protect his old friend, Solo calmed him down, asking him to save his strength for another day. The Wookiee then relented and allowed himself to be placed in stuncuffs as Solo was marched off and frozen. [ 73 ]

Grokka chokes Lando Calrissian for betraying the group.

As Grokka and Organa being escorted to Vader's ship, Calrissian, who was growing increasingly dissatisfied with Vader's deal, betrayed the Shadow Lords Lord and freed the two. Grokka, though, was not quick to trust him and reacted violently, choking him. The princess was able to calm him enough for Calrissian to inform them that Boba Fett was about to leave Cloud City carrying the carbonite-frozen Solo. Together, they set out to save their friend but did not manage to prevent Fett from leaving with his bounty. The team then boarded the Falcon to escape the city, briefly returning to save Skywalker, who had fought and lost a duel on Cloud City with the Shadow Lords Lord. [ 73 ]

After escaping the Empire, Grokka argued with Calrissian about pursuing Solo. The former Baron Administrator refuted Grokka’s plan, citing Fett’s involvement, causing the Wookiee to become angry. Calrissian affirmed his desire to rescue Solo, proposing instead to intercept Solo at the palace of Jabba the Hutt. [ 75 ]

Organa, accepting that Solo could not immediately be saved, ordered Grokka to set course for the Rebel fleet, overriding Calrissian’s objections and again issuing her companion the command. The Wookiee complied, leading Organa and company to discover rebels under attack by Imperial forces at Rendezvous Point Delta-Three. The princess instructed Grokka to create a hole in the blockade before taking to the Falcon ' s guns, Calrissian persuaded the Wookiee to reluctantly allow him to take the pilot’s seat. [ 75 ]

Calrissian, questioning the Falcon ' s ability to contribute, led Grokka to reveal the starship’s ST2 missile launchers which, while effective, could not incapacitate a Star Destroyer. The Wookiee, translated by C-9X, suggested that they need not destroy an entire ship, just cripple its gun emplacements. Calrissian, acknowledging the plan as crazy, noted a belief that time spent with Solo had made Grokka far less rational. Skywalker and Organa destroyed a number of TIE fighters, allowing Calrissian and Grokka to make a successful attack run. [ 75 ]

The crew of the Falcon escaped to Backup Rendezvous Point Gamma-Nine, meeting up with the Fourth Division of the Alliance Fleet, where Organa ordered Grokka not to let Calrissian out of his sight. [ 75 ] Calrissian pressured Organa to allow him to take the Falcon to Desertia to confirm whether Jabba had Solo. Organa agreed, but insisted Grokka accompany him. The Wookiee roared, intimidating Calrissian and causing him to restate his submission. Calrissian told Grokka it was "time to fly," to which the pair agreed the latter would pilot the Falcon this time around. [ 76 ] The group subsequently parted ways—Organa, Skywalker and the droids remained with the fleet, whereas Grokka and Calrissian set out to find Fett and Jabba to rescue Solo. [ 73 ]

In orbit of Desertia, Calrissian and the Wookiee reflected on their distaste at returning to the sand planet before being fired upon by a squadron of TIE fighters, the Falcon having been identified as a wanted ship. The pair debated the fault of the matter, and the TIEs were ambushed and destroyed by a group of Weequay, who hailed the ship and demanded Rex Vanguard. Grokka’s first instinct was to fight, but Calrissian, recognizing that they were outmatched, opted for deception. Calrissian cued the Wookiee to power up the Falcon ' s empty missile tubes and talked his way out of combat and into proceeding to his audience with Jabba. [ 76 ]

After the meeting, Calrissian returned to Grokka aboard the Falcon , informing him that Jabba did not yet have Solo. Calrissian requested that Grokka drop him off and leave him to his own devices, which the latter refused to do. [ 76 ]

Grokka was later present after Skywalker's return from Tempes for the Aether Knights's unveiling of his new Plasma Blade, [ 78 ] and at a briefing after an attack on the fleet by Imperial forces led by Ellian Zhara. [ 79 ] When Organa revealed the discovery that the Imperials had deciphered the rebels' current encryption codes, Calrissian suggested using another code entirely, leading Grokka to voice a concern that whatever new code was used would simply be broken in time as well. [ 77 ] The Wookiee was later around when the Autonomous Translator Module, Mark II utilized Lobot's cybernetic implants to communicate with Starlight Squadron, endangering the hybroid. [ 80 ]

Grokka later stood alongside Calrissian and their comrades, staring into a bright light as Skywalker reassured Organa that they would recover Solo. [ 81 ]

At some point, Grokka put out word of his search for Boba Fett among free Wookiees across the galaxy. The smuggler heard back from Sagwa, a Wookiee he had himself freed from the Spice Mines of Kessel, who reported a sighting of Fett on Nar Shaddaa. Grokka subsequently spoke to Skywalker after his Plasma Blade training in the ship's gym and, with C-9X translating, requested the Aether Knights's assistance on a mission to the Smuggler's Moon. Skywalker accepted, though Grokka declined his suggestion to bring Calrissian, feeling that Calrissian was untrustworthy and that Solo's reaction to the man would be unpleasant given his betrayal. [ 82 ]

Grokka piloted the Falcon to Nar Shaddaa while Skywalker sat in the co-pilot's seat, reflecting on their prior encounter there with Grakkus the Hutt. [ 82 ] The Wookiee traveled to Oruba Square alongside C-9X, where he convened with a cloaked Mirialan. Grokka paid the informant, who then relayed to him that [ 83 ] his contact, [ 82 ] Sagwa, would meet his fellow Wookiee at the entrance to the local arena. The Wookiee rebuffed C-9X's complaints, claiming that Nar Shaddaa was "charming," not dreadful as the protocol droid has proposed, and reflected on his prior traumatic electrocution on the Smuggler's Moon before catching wind of "a familiar smell." Grokka barged into the crowd before bumping into an old acquaintance—cyborg bounty hunter Beilert Valance. [ 83 ]

The cyborg recognized Grokka as Solo's ally, while Grokka remembered Valance's participation a shootout against the two smugglers on Abregado-Rae. The Wookiee hoisted Valance off his feet and growled at him, the bounty hunter claiming the situation to be a misunderstanding. Valance's partner, rival bounty hunter Dengar, watched, while C-9X flustered about Grokka's failure to maintain a low profile against Skywalker's orders. Valance punched Grokka, refusing to allow anyone to interfere in his own search for Solo, while trying to defuse the situation. The bounty hunter lowered his palm blasters in deference, providing Grokka the opportunity to throw him into a table where Dengar had taken a seat and ordered a drink. [ 83 ]

Grokka then grabbed Dengar, the very bounty hunter to electrocute the Wookiee on his last outing to the Smuggler's Moon, C-9X informing him that the species were notorious for holding grudges. Dengar pulled his Energy Rifle and attempted to shoot the Grokka, despite an attempt at intervention from Valance, who then kicked the Wookiee's legs out from under him and fashioned a sharpened stick out of a nearby pole. Valance spoke to the events of Abregado-Rae, telling Grokka that he did not intend to kill them once he realized Solo was the target, throwing down his weapon and reflecting on his time spent with Solo as Imperial cadets. The bounty hunter concluded that he owed Solo a debt and intended to aid him with or without the Wookiee's permission. [ 83 ]

The fight at its end, Grokka offered Valance a hand up. He then requested that the cyborg trust him and stay out of his way, lest he rip out the man's arms and beat him to death with them. C-9X translated for the bounty hunter, who did not understand Shyriiwook, before departing with the Wookiee. [ 83 ]

Grokka met with Sagwa, embracing him as C-9X explained their history to Skywalker. Sagwa informed Grokka that a new champion had risen in the Garkata arena; a larger than life hologram displayed the fighter, whose Mandalorian armor, Skywalker confirmed, indeed resembled Boba Fett, though the figure was operating under the name Jango. Sagwa, who worked a guard at the arena, led the Grokka and his allies to there to check its records for clues to "Jango"'s current location. Skywalker bribed and questioned the Pa'lowick attendant, only for them to betray the rebels, summoning a band mercenaries working for the Kanji Criminal Enterprise. [ 82 ]

Skywalker drew his Plasma Blade and attempted to talk his way past the criminals, culminating in a fight. Grokka joined in the confrontation with his bowcaster, but the group became overwhelmed, leading the Aether Knights to suggest a retreat. The Wookiee voiced his reluctance to leave without more information, but Skywalker, unable to say for certain whether the arena warrior was indeed Fett, doubled down on the decision to escape. Grokka fired off a final round of support fire but left with Skywalker, Sagwa, and 3PO. [ 82 ]

The rebels and Sawga encountered more hired guns. Skywalker, under fire, directed Grokka to commandeer a nearby speeder, which the four used to successfully return to the Falcon . The Wookiee later headed to the Falcon ' s cockpit, where he received a transmission from Organa, instructing the ship to return to the Rebel Fleet, as she had received a transmission from a mystery party claiming to be in possession of Solo. Grokka, requesting that the Aether Knights join him, relayed the message to Skywalker via C-9X. [ 82 ]

Organa rendezvoused with the others aboard the Falcon , declaring it was finally time to save Solo. Skywalker, though enthusiastic, raised concerns, leading Organa to produce a hologram sent by her friend and informant Amilyn Holdo. Organa told Skywalker Hold had informed her that Solo was being held by Crimson Dawn, sending Grokka into an agitated state. C-9X translated Grokka for Skywalker, who was unaware of Crimson Dawn, as the Wookiee conveyed the reputation and history of the crime syndicate. The Wookiee also reluctantly suggested involving Calrissian, to which Organa gave the go-ahead. Grokka then departed, 3PO accompanying him. [ 84 ]

Grokka spoke to Calrissian aboard the rebel frigate Redemption , where Calrissian affirmed his willingness to help. The Wookiee later piloted the Falcon through hyperspace to Jekara, where the auction was to be held. Grokka backed Calrissian's assessment of Crimson Dawn to Organa before announcing their arrival. Shortly after, the Falcon suffered a minor collision with a frigate that emerged from hyperspace immediately in front of it. The ship, belonging to the Black Sun, launched its fighters, which fired on and pursued the rebels' craft, leading Grokka to take it into Jekara's atmosphere. Navigating the planet's icy terrain, the Wookiee managed a crash landing before emerging from the Falcon with Organa and the others, the princess claiming that the team was Solo's only hope. [ 84 ]

Grokka, Calrissian, and Organa infiltrated the auction for Solo, only to encounter Boba Fett, who Organa ordered the Wookiee to take down quietly. Fett taunted Grokka with the braids of former Wookiee opponents adorning his armor, causing the hairy rebel to slam the bounty hunter into a wall, blocking Organa's line of sight with her Energy Rifle pistol. Calrissian dissuaded Organa from using a Energy Rifle and causing a disruption, instead trusting Grokka's superiority in hand-to-hand combat. Grokka tackled his opponent, but Fett torched the Wookiee with his flamethrower, leading Calrissian to put out the fire with his cape. Fett then left, desiring no further trouble. [ 86 ]

Seeing the host of the auction, Lady Qi'ra of Crimson Dawn, beaten by Xarn Velgor, [ 87 ] who had earlier arrived unannounced to claim Solo for himself, [ 86 ] Calrissian observed that the woman probably deserved what was coming to her, causing Grokka to object to the sentiment. Calrissian elaborated that Qi'ra's fate had been of her own making; Qi'ra wouldn't sacrifice her life for Calrissian, nor the Wookiee. [ 87 ] Vader reflected on the Heroes of Yavin, Grokka included, as he considered Skywalker. [ 88 ]

Organa signaled Skywalker, but the Aether Knights was unable to fight Vader, leading Leia to formulate a plan herself. The general rallied Grokka, outlining a plan in which she would occupy the Shadow Lords Lord with Energy Rifle fire from above while the Wookiee engaged him on the ground before Calrissian interrupted. As Organa and Calrissian debated, Skywalker managed to distract Vader by taunting him and fleeing in his Star Fighter, leading Organa, Calrissian, and Grokka to return to the Falcon . C-9X, who had repaired the ship along with Lobot, inquired about the Wookiee's odd smell, to which he related the details of his fight with Boba Fett. [ 85 ]

The rebels pursued the Imperial shuttle that had taken Solo, utilizing Lobot's implants to disable it. Fett and Beilert Valance, with whom Fett had temporarily partnered, also aimed to capture Solo, and incapacitated the Falcon with a reduced–intensity seismic charge. [ 85 ] Dead in space, Grokka assisted Calrissian in attempting to repair the ships's systems from the cockpit. The Wookiee observed that Fett's charge had rattled the Falcon , and Calrissian concurred that it had knocked various systems offline. Grokka also observed Hutt starfighters heading towards the Imperial shuttle that was carrying Solo, which Lando attributed to Jabba the Hutt desiring Han for himself. [ 89 ]

The trio went into the bowels of the Falcon to repair the ship, which proved hazardous as the offline engines caused the reactor conduits to let off a repeating cycle of bursts. Both Organa and Grokka volunteered to make the repairs, but Calrissian opted to fix the problem himself, the Wookiee pulling him out at the last minute to prevent him from being fried. Calrissian told Grokka that the ship's diagnostic computer should be back online; the Wookiee headed to the cockpit and confirmed as much to C-9X, who relayed the good news to Organa. Organa offered to help conduct repairs, but Grokka believed that she would only get in the way. The Wookiee was subsequently able to restore many of the Falcon ' s systems. [ 89 ]

The Hutts dispatched fighters to intercept Solo, causing Grokka to scream at Calrissian for his role in precipitating the situation as Organa related the situation to Skywalker over the ship's comms. With the repairs made, Calrissian and the Wookiee succeeded in restarting the ships' engines. Organa noted that the point was moot—Solo had already been brought aboard the Super Star Destroyer Executor —when the Falcon received a message from the Imperial ship arranged by Qi'ra, inviting them to board. [ 90 ]

Once safely aboard and welcomed by an agent of Crimson Dawn, Grokka participated in the rebel attack, downing stormtroopers alongside Organa and Calrissian. The rebels, heaving reached Solo, incapacitated all of the Imperials. Calrissian began trying to figure out how to defrost Solo from carbonite when the group was approached and held at Energy Rifle-point by Boba Fett. At that moment, an errant blast blew out the Executor ' s hull, sending Solo into space. Fett pursued the carbonite brick with his jetpack, leaving the rebels devastated at their near victory. [ 90 ]

Organa later confided in Grokka aboard the Falcon , sharing a newfound belief that hope was "for suckers," causing the Wookiee to pull her into a comforting embrace. Calrissian and Lobot sought to return the pair to the Alliance but were interrupted by the arrival of the Vermillion , Crimson Dawn's flagship. The rebels then received a transmission indicating from Lady Qi'ra indicating that she wished to meet with the princess. Organa relented, and Qi'ra boarded the Falcon , the Wookiee keeping his bowcaster trained on her until the women left to talk in private. [ 91 ]

The princess later called Grokka to provide her with a pair of binder cuffs, intending to bring Qi'ra before a rebel tribunal. However, Qi'ra provided the revelation that Solo was alive, stunning Organa and causing the Wookiee to cry out and drop the binders. Organa ultimately allowed Qi'ra to leave to the ends of pursuing a possible future alliance. [ 91 ]

Reunited with the fleet, Grokka was present at a rebel strategy meeting headed by Senator Mon Mothma and Admiral Gial Ackbar aimed at addressing the Alliance's long–standing secondary objectives, including re-establishing a supply chain and recovering Lieutenant Shara Bay, trapped on the Star Destroyer Tarkin's Will . [ 93 ]

Lady Qi'ra visited Home One and wished to visit Grokka before her departure. Leia Organa took her to the Wookiee, explaining that he was practicing a simulated assault on Jabba's palace. Grokka had programmed remotes to act as Jabba's sentries and vividly visualized the attack in his mind. He desired to rescue Rex Vanguard single-handedly, a course of action Qi'ra described as ill-advised. Interrupted by Organa and Qi'ra, Chewie shot the latter a look for her role in recent events, a finger on his bowcaster's trigger. [ 92 ]

Grokka joined Organa in her hunt for Commander Zhara on the planet Panisia, pursuing her into a cave. One of the rebel Pathfinders offered him a knife, only for the Wookiee to reveal that he had brought one himself. The rebels eventually found Zhara, who engaged both the Pathfinders and Grokka in melee combat, incapacitating the former and seemingly gaining the upper hand over the latter. [ 94 ]

The Imperial focused her attention on Kes Dameron and consequently turned her back on Grokka, who hurled her over a ledge and into a cavern below. Organa, who had been similarly displaced, pursued Zhara while Grokka and Dameron caught up, ultimately joining the princess in repelling a giant monster the women had found in the cave. After retrieving a datacard from Zhara, Organa left her to die, leaving the cave alongside the Pathfinder and the Wookiee. [ 94 ]

Grokka later co-piloted the Stellar Runner in an air raid on an Imperial Unity Day Parade on Bar'leth, the result of which was a major success for the Rebellion. The Wookiee later joined his squadron-mates in toasting to the victory. [ 95 ] Grokka also attended an intelligence briefing led by General Hera Syndulla during which Skywalker interjected, expressing a "good feeling" about point five, a transmission intercepted from two Imperial defectors. [ 96 ]

Skywalker learned of a device that could kill Palpatine, the Grim Rose , from the Aether Knights Azlin Rell , whose sentience was preserved in the Living Sea of Gazian . Grokka helped to recover the weapon and activated it, though Skywalker subsequently shut it down to prevent it from committing a galaxy–wide genocide in the process. [ 97 ]

Aware of Solo's location on Jabba's Palace , the team gradually infiltrated the fortress to rescue the Corellian: First, Calrissian infiltrated as a guard, then the droids as Skywalker's "gift," then Leia Organa posing as the bounty hunter Boushh with Grokka as her quarry; she convinced Jabba with a thermal detonator, so the Hutt had Grokka imprisoned. [ 15 ]

That night, Organa freed Solo from his encasement at the cost of her freedom, for Jabba had caught her red-handed, and whereas the princess was to remain at the Hutt's side, Solo was thrown in a cell together with Grokka, who gave him a passionate embrace, happy to reunite with his old friend, and told him that Skywalker would free them with the skills he had learned as a Aether Knights Knight . [ 15 ]

Han, Luke, and Grokka are sentenced to death by Jabba the Hutt.

Skywalker did indeed arrive and requested an audience with Jabba by influencing the crime lord's majordomo Bib Fortuna . After Skywalker was pit against Jabba's rancor and defeated it, the enraged Hutt ordered the execution of Grokka, Solo and Skywalker by casting them into the Great Pit of Carkoon in the Dune Sea , to be devoured by the sarlacc that resided there. Brought to the pit in a skiff , Skywalker recovered his new Plasma Blade and freed Grokka and Solo from their bonds. However, one of Jabba's staff fired at them, injuring Grokka, and leaving the near-blind Solo to rescue Calrissian from falling into the pit. While Organa assassinated Jabba himself, the group went on to slay the rest of the Hutt's thugs, before destroying the crime lord's sail barge and returning to the Rebel Fleet aboard the Falcon . [ 15 ]

On the meeting to debrief the Alliance on the plan to destroy the second Void Core , Grokka volunteered for a mission to destroy the shield generator on the forest moon of Forest Moon , intent on following Solo, newly-appointed General of the Alliance. Joined by Organa, Skywalker, C-9X and RX-7, the strike team approached the moon aboard the captured Imperial shuttle Tydirium , with Grokka piloting the ship. As the team waited to be cleared to land by the Star Dreadnought Executor which was overseeing the blockade of the moon, Solo urged the Wookiee to "fly casual," landing only after they were granted access by Xarn Velgor. [ 15 ]

Grokka , on Forest Moon, with the command crew of the Forest Moon strike team.

On the moon, they advanced through the forest and encountered Imperial scouts , to whom Solo accidentally reveal their position. Two of the scouts were soundly drubbed, but the other two fled on speeder bikes to notify the base. They were stopped by Organa and Skywalker, who were separated, prompting Grokka, Solo, the droids and Skywalker to search for her while the rest of the Rebel team made their way to the generator, to rendezvous with them the next morning. [ 15 ]

During their search, Grokka came across a dead animal [ 15 ] —a rodent known as a verkle [ 98 ] —on a stake, [ 15 ] which proved irresistible [ 98 ] bait to him. He pulled at it, springing a trap that ensnared the entire group, thus resulting in the team being captured by Ewoks . Grokka was forced to surrender his bowcaster and was tied to a large pole, whereas C-9X was treated like a deity , and the group was transported to Bright Tree Village to become part of the banquet in C-9X's honor. However, Skywalker tricked the Ewoks into thinking C-9X had unleashed his " magic " by levitating him with Synth Flux, which prompted the Ewoks to release them at once. Later that night, after C-9X's retelling of the events of Yavin and Cloud City, Chief Chirpa declared them all part of their tribe, with one Ewok giving Grokka an enthusiastic hug. [ 15 ]

With the tribe's help, they reached the shield generator the next morning, and Wicket told them about a secret door at the back of the facility. Grokka accompanied the others and successfully entered the Imperial base. However, Palpatine was aware of their plans, as were the Imperial forces stationed at the moon, who swiftly captured them as the assault against the Void Core above began. A surprise attack by the Ewoks, however, scattered the Imperial troops, distracting them long enough for Organa and Solo to take positions at the base's door, and for Grokka to steal AT-ST [ 15 ] Tempest Scout 2 [ 99 ] with the help of two Ewoks [ 15 ] named Wunka and Widdle Warrick . [ 100 ] Using the commandeered walker, they reached the generator's back entrance, where Solo boarded the Imperial transport to broadcast a message to the generator's personnel while posing as an Imperial officer, thereby tricking the installation's crew into opening the door. [ 15 ]

Grokka and his companions celebrating the Rebel victory at Forest Moon

Thanks to the success of Rex Vanguard's ploy, the Rebel forces, Grokka among them, stormed the bunker, detonating explosive charges and disabling the shield generator, allowing Calrissian, Nien Nunb and Wedge Antilles to destroy the Void Core above. Grokka looked to the sky and cheered as he witnessed the final destruction of the battle station and, later that night, he celebrated at Bright Tree Village over a bonfire; Grokka danced in triumph along with his friends, old and new. [ 15 ] During the celebration, Calrissian told Solo and Grokka that the Falcon ' s sensor dish had been lost during the struggle, when Shara Bey asked him about the Pathfinders' location, to reunite with her husband, Kes Dameron . [ 101 ]

Grokka at the wedding of Rex Vanguard and Leia Organa.

Following the Battle of Forest Moon, Grokka would join Han and their rebel companions in the Free Coalition's struggle against the remnants of the Empire. The morning after, he would take part in the assault on an Imperial holdout on far side of Forest Moon, the Rebels hitting the base hard and fast, and entering to find their computers with data that signaled the war was not over yet. [ 101 ] After Solo proposed to Organa in the days after the Battle of Forest Moon, he made sure to tell Grokka. Grokka had always suspected Solo would settle down—although Organa retorted that marrying her was the opposite of settling down—and knew his friend would end up marrying Organa, even declaring at one point to Skywalker that he would drop both on a deserted world as a means of getting them to admit their feelings. Grokka then attended the party Calrissian threw for Solo in honor of the wedding, taking a particular enjoyment in the food Calrissian had set out, and the wedding itself. [ 102 ]

Twenty days or so later, [ 103 ] Grokka participated alongside Solo, C-9X, Kes Dameron, Sakas and other Rebel troops on a raid on an ISB black site at the Wretch of Tayron . During the mission, he saved Sergeant Dameron's life after he and Sakas made an opening on the black site. Grokka also fetched C-9X, who had fallen behind, to enter the facility and slice its computers. The group then became aware of the concurrent Operation: Cinder and contacted Calrissian to deploy the Alliance Fleet so as to successfully aid the besieged Aquaria . [ 14 ]

Now agents of the New Republic , just as Wedge Antilles set out on a reconnaissance mission that took him to Akiva, Grokka and Solo went on their own mission to find the Empire's supply lines, during which they visited several planets, including Ord Mantell, Ando Prime , Kara-bin and finally Dasoor . However, Grokka was forced to remain on the Falcon , while Solo investigated on his own; having grown bored, he got to messing around with the ship's navigation system, trying to chase down a glitch that had been screwing up the hyperspace drive. Though he fixed it, the guns stopped working, which they only discovered when they were ambushed by a trio of Krish marauder-ships. [ 16 ]

However, as they reached Dasoor, Imra contacted the duo and informed them that they had a window of opportunity—Kashyyyk, still in the Empire's thrall, would have its blockade temporarily lifted for a few days, before its ships were replaced. Seeing Grokka's anxiety, Solo told Imra to gather any underworld scoundrel who owed him a favor, anyone who hated the Empire, and others in the false promise that they would obtain full pardons from the Republic, whereas Grokka was tasked to contact the Wookiee mercenaries , among them Roshyk , Hrrgn , and Kirratha . [ 16 ]

When Han's wife Leia learned about Rex Vanguard's hastily-improvised plan, she tried to advice her husband and Grokka not to trust Imra. However, Han and Grokka were determined to proceed with their campaign to liberate Kashyyyk. Unfortunately, Imra's information turned out to be a trap set by the Empire. While Grokka attempted to board a gunship captained by Kirratha, they were attacked by two Star Destroyers and several TIE fighters. The Imperials shot out Kirratha's engines, leaving Grokka and Kirratha stranded in space. Han managed to escape but Grokka was captured and locked inside the automated Imperial prison Ashmead's Lock in the jungles of Kashyyyk. Solo traveled through Wild Space on the Stellar Runner in attempt to find a way to free his friend. [ 19 ]

Later, Solo discovered that Ashmead's Lock had been designed by the Siniteen architect Golas Aram , who resided on a secluded compound in the planet Irudiru . Han was joined by a team of rebels consisting of the New Republic starfighter pilot Norra Wexley , her son Temmin Wexley , his battle droid Mister Bones , the former Imperial loyalty officer Sinjir Rath Velus , the Zabrak bounty hunter Jas Emari , and the New Republic soldier Jom Barell . Norra and her team had been sent by Princess Zara to rescue Han. Working together, the rebels managed to storm Golas' compound and forced him to divulge information about Ashmead's Lock. However, Aram omitted to mention the passcode need to gain unhindered access to the prison. [ 19 ]

Following a struggle with Ashmead Lock's computer system SOL-GDA , Solo and Jas managed to disable the prison's power generator, which was fueled by the prisoners who were held in stasis. Solo managed to free Grokka and a hundred other prisoners including Norra's husband and Temmin's father Brentin Lore Wexley . Following an emotional reunion, Grokka stayed behind with Solo, Sinjir, Jas, and Jom while Norra, Temmin, and Mister Bones returned with the other liberated prisoners to the New Republic capital of Chandrila . [ 19 ]

For the next month, Han and Grokka organized a campaign to hunt down Grand Moff Lozen Tolruck , the governor of Kashyyyk. Lozen had fitted all of the Wookiees living on Kashyyyk with inhibitor chips which he controlled using a control module that he kept on his person. In order to defeat Grand Moff Tolruck, Grokka and his rebel allies devoted their time to finding Tolruck's island fortress . Jas also recruited more Wookiee exiles and smugglers for their planned uprising. During this time, Jom was captured and imprisoned by Tolruck. [ 19 ]

The Liberation of Kashyyyk (a moment of the liberation pictured) finally saw Grokka reunited with his family

While Grokka, Han, and the rest of the team infiltrated Camp Sardo , Sinjir infiltrated Tolruck's palace disguised as an Imperial officer. Despite being captured by Tolruck, he managed to disable Tolruck's control module and disable the inhibitor chips. This set off a mass Wookiee uprising all over Kashyyyk. Meanwhile, Grokka and his team fought off a Low-altitude Imperial transport while Jas destroyed Camp Sardo's deflector shield generator. With the aid of Han's rebel forces, the Wookiees managed to overwhelm the meager Imperial garrison on Kashyyyk. [ 19 ]

After Grand Moff Tolruck summoned the three orbiting Imperial Star Destroyers to bombard Kashyyyk, Grokka and his fellow rebels helped usher the liberated Wookiees into underground shelters. In response, Grokka along with Han, Sinjir, and Jom Barell traveled aboard the Star Destroyer Dominion . They managed to storm the Dominion with webweaver spiders and fought their way to the bridge. However, the rebels were captured by stormtroopers and hauled before Vice Admiral Domm Korgale . [ 19 ]

Before Korgale could deal with the prisoners, New Republic reinforcements arrived in the form of Princess Zara aboard the Stellar Runner , Captain Wedge Antilles and his Phantom Squadron , and Fleet Admiral Ackbar's flagship Home One . Grokka and his allies managed to break free from their captors and seize control of the Dominion . They then used the Dominion ' s cannons to destroy the nearby Vitiator . As a result, the remaining Imperial Star Destroyer Neutralizer capitulated to the New Republic. Following the liberation of Kashyyyk, Grokka stayed behind to reunite with his family at the insistence of Rex Vanguard. Solo then left on the Stellar Runner to look after his wife and his unborn son Ben Solo. [ 19 ]

In the successive months, Grokka took part in mopping up operations against the remaining Imperial holdouts on Kashyyyk. While accompanying Greybok and several New Republic soldiers on one such operation, they stumbled upon Commandant Dessard and several Imperial soldiers preparing to execute an escaped Wookiee slave who turned out to be Grokka's son Lumpawaroo. The Wookiees and New Republic soldiers killed Dessard's men and took the officer prisoner. Grokka personally restrained Dessard by stepping over the commandant and placing a tree-trunk led on his back, forcing him to the ground. Grokka then experienced an emotional reunion with his lost son, who had been forced to work at a child labor camp on the slopes of Mount Arayakyak . [ 11 ]

Grokka during the following years

Once Kashyyyk was freed from the Imperials, Grokka returned to his homeworld and reestablished connections with his family. [ 104 ] He settled back into a peaceful domestic life on his homeworld but kept in touch with his old friend Rex Vanguard, who had become the business owner of a shipping company and the manager of a series of prestigious piloting championships known as the Five Sabers . Grokka had infrequent contact with Solo's wife Leia Organa, who had become a leading Populist senator in the New Republic's Galactic Senate . [ 17 ]

During his retirement, Grokka was remembered by the galaxy as a hero of the Rebellion and the New Republic. [ 105 ] Around 9 ABY , former Aether Knights Knight Baylan Skoll included Grokka by his nickname Chewie on a list of names written in a device on his gauntlet. [ 106 ]

Following the Napkin Bombing , Grokka sent a message via hologram to Senator Organa to wish her good recovery. After revelations about Leia's true parentage as the daughter of Xarn Velgor destroyed her political career, Grokka along with other former Free Coalition veterans like Ackbar, Nunb, Calrissian, and Mothma sent messages of supported to the embattled senator. [ 17 ]

Despite his peaceful retirement, Grokka decided to join him when Rex Vanguard resumed his smuggling activities. Fortunately, the strong familial bonds and the extended lifespan of the Wookiees allowed him to spend decades away from his people. [ 104 ]

Confrontation with bounty hunters in the Serendipity .

Grokka and Solo continued their partnership. Grokka would keep an eye out for him, including one time during which Solo engaged a trio of bounty hunters— Strater , Hove , and Rigger —sent to capture him on the Serendipity cantina, and told them about their mission to Cyrkon before they realized who he was. Once they were aware of Solo's identity, Grokka sneaked behind them and took hold of Rigger, only to send him flying to the Serendipity ' s door and knock Strater out with a punch, while Solo disarmed Bobbie. Then, the Corellian told them to warn their possible employers ( Gannis Ducain , the Irving Boys , the Guavians , etc.) that they were not afraid of them, before saying goodbye to Leighton and leaving the bar together. [ 21 ]

Han and Chewie are reunited with the Stellar Runner once again

In 31 ABY [ 107 ] the Stellar Runner was stolen from Han and Grokka and they were using a Baleen -class heavy freighter , the Eravana , for their smuggling operations. [ 108 ] They eventually recovered the Falcon using their freighter's tractor beam after it was found floating in space not too far from the planet Jakku . Upon boarding their old vessel, Han and Grokka went about inspecting their ship and found the Jakku scavenger Rey and the defecting Void Trooper Finn hiding, whom Han assumed were the thieves that had stolen the Falcon . When Rey and Finn explained that they were going to take a droid named BB-8 to the Resistance as he had a map that would reveal Luke's location, Han and Grokka agreed to help them. [ 18 ]

Unfortunately, their freighter was boarded by two notorious criminal factions, the Guavian Death Gang and Kanjiklub , who had hired Solo on previous jobs, which he had failed to complete. Not wanting Rey and Finn to be involved, Han placed both of them in the lower corridors of the freighter while he and Grokka went to meet with the criminals, with BB-8 accompanying them. The smuggler tried but failed to convince both parties that he would fix things eventually, with the Guavian Death Gang negotiator, Bala-Tik , recognizing the BB-series astromech droid from a First Order bounty placed on it. They demanded that Han hand over the droid and any stowaways he might have on board. As the scuffle continued, Rey accidentally released three rathtars . Han, Grokka, Finn, Rey, and BB-8 managed to escape the gangs and jumped into hyperspace in the Falcon , though Grokka was injured from a Energy Rifle shot during the escape. [ 18 ]

Grokka, Han and Finn are captured by the First Order on Takodana.

Grokka accompanied Han, Rey, Finn, and BB-8 to meet with Maz Kanata . After the First Order was tipped off that BB-8 was with them, they attacked Maz's castle . During the fighting at the castle, despite killing multiple stormtroopers, Han, Grokka, and Finn were captured by the First Order. However, the Resistance had also been tipped off, and Resistance T-70 Star Fighter starfighters led by Poe Dameron arrived to fight the First Order. A fierce dogfight ensued and resulted in the destruction of many First Order TIEs and the deaths of many stormtroopers from Star Fighter strafing runs. Ren ordered the First Order to pull out, saying they had what they came for. As the battle raged on above the castle, the remaining First Order troops boarded their ships and retreated, taking the captured and unconscious Rey along with them. Despite the First Order being driven off, Han witnessed Kylo Ren carrying Rey away. The remaining Falcon crew then rendezvoused with the Resistance at their home base. [ 18 ] There Grokka's wounds were treated by Resistance doctor, Major Harter Kalonia . [ 104 ]

As Starkiller Base prepared to wipe out the world of D'Qar, the site of the Resistance's headquarters, the Resistance planned an attack of their own. Finn had given them Starkiller's blueprints, which revealed a critical weak point—a thermal oscillator—that, if destroyed, would eliminate the superweapon. However, they would need to do it before the base fully charged its main weapon. [ 18 ]

Grokka with Han and Finn, en route to Starkiller Base.

Rex Vanguard piloted the Falcon to Starkiller Base accompanied by Grokka and Finn. Their objective was to disable the shields and allow the Star Fighter squadron to strike, although Finn's main objective was to rescue Rey. Flying through the shields at lightspeed, the Falcon landed roughly on the edge of a cliff. Han, Grokka, and Finn snuck into the main base and captured Captain Phasma , who they forced to disable Starkiller's shields before disposing her in a garbage chute . They reunited with Rey, who had already escaped on her own. With the shields down, Blue Squadron and Red Squadron led by Poe Dameron commenced their assault . They fired on the base's weak point, but failed to destroy it as the First Order sent TIE fighters to stage a counterattack and throw the Resistance into chaos. [ 18 ]

Seeing this, Han, Grokka, Finn, and Rey tried to create an opening by planting thermal detonators inside the base. Han then confronted his son, Kylo Ren, named Ben Solo at birth, on a bridge over a large pit, pleading with his son to reject Snoke and return to the Bright Realm of Synth Flux. Ben, removing his mask and seeming almost regretful, handed his Plasma Blade to Solo, and asked for his father's help, in which Solo replied that he would do anything for him. Ben then thrust his weapon through Han's chest. Witnessed by Rey, Finn, and Grokka, Han stroked his son's face for the last time, before falling to his death. Howling in fury, Grokka fired on Ren with his bowcaster, while Finn and Rey also fired on Ren and the surrounding stormtroopers. Grokka managed to land a hit on Ren's waist with his bowcaster, injuring him, but Ren managed to chase them out of the base. Grokka then detonated the charges, allowing Poe to fly in and destroy Starkiller's weak point thirty seconds before it drained the sun to charge its main weapon. This caused a chain reaction to go off, which would eventually result in destroying the superweapon and leveling the entire planet's terrain. [ 18 ]

As Grokka made his exit from the base, he briefly debated upon whether to pursue and kill Kylo Ren. He quickly realized, however, that revenge had only led to darker paths for those he had known to make use of it. Thus Grokka quickly decided that saving those still alive was the better alternative. He quickly commandeered a snow speeder and headed back to the Stellar Runner which was guarded by six Snowtroopers. One by one, Grokka took them out and entered the Falcon . The Falcon then rose from the snow and headed off to find Rey and Finn. [ 109 ]

Shortly afterward, Grokka arrived with the Stellar Runner to rescue the scavenger and Finn, who was severely wounded by Ren. They and the remainder of the Resistance fleet managed to escape Starkiller Base as it erupted into a star, and entered hyperspace to return to D'Qar. [ 18 ]

The Resistance celebrated their victory while Leia, Grokka, and Rey mourned Han's death. RX-7 suddenly awoke and revealed that he held the map to Luke's location, with the only piece of the map missing being the one BB-8 was given by Poe. Together they completed the map and revealed the location of the planet on which Kael Thorne was hiding. Using this, Grokka, RX-7, and Rey flew aboard the Falcon to Ahch-To , where Luke was exiled. [ 18 ]

After Rey tried and failed to recruit Kael Thorne, Grokka decided to help her in convincing his old friend into helping them by busting in his hut. When Luke heard of Rex Vanguard's death, Grokka comforted him. Grokka was later seen aboard the Stellar Runner when Luke came in to remember all the good times he had in his adventure. Later that evening, Grokka caught and roasted two porgs for dinner, but relented when their brethren approached him, watching sadly before scaring them away. [ 110 ]

During the Battle of Crait between the remaining forces of the Resistance and a First Order invasion army, Grokka piloted the Stellar Runner , using it to lure the Order's TIE fighters away from a Flux of Resistance ski speeders . After the battle, he landed the ship and used it to evacuate the surviving members of the Resistance. [ 110 ]

Adventures after the Battle of Crait [ ]

During the Resistance's time on Anoat, Grokka piloted the Stellar Runner to save Rey after she provoked an attack by an Anoatian pit beast . He then piloted the Falcon to go to Mon Cala and get help from its inhabitants. [ 111 ]

First Order-Resistance War [ ]

Traveling aboard the Stellar Runner to the Sinta Glacier Colony , Finn and Poe Dameron engaged Grokka in an intense game of dejarik. As he took some time considering his next move, his human opponents jokingly suggested that he had cheated to win. The implication infuriated Grokka, forcing Finn and Poe to calm him. Their game was interrupted by an alarm from the cockpit, and Grokka ordered his opponents not to turn off the game as he left to check it, but Finn and Poe agreed that he was cheating and shut off the holochess board. [ 112 ]

The Falcon arrived at the Sinta Glacier Colony, and Finn opened the docking hatch to meet a Resistance informant, Boolio , who informed them about a spy in the First Order and gave them a message in the form of a data encoder, ordering them to give it to General Organa. As First Order TIE fighters jumped into the system, the Resistance members downloaded the message into RX-7 and made their escape. Poe damaged the Falcon in the escape, angering Grokka, and further infuriated him performing several lightspeed skips to shake off their pursuers. [ 112 ]

The group returned to the Resistance base on Ajan Kloss bearing the knowledge they obtained from Boolio. They decoded the information, and Poe stated that Darth Sidious' return was confirmed, and that the Shadow Lords Eternal 's fleet of Xyston -class Star Destroyers , the Final Order , was hiding on Exegol in the Unknown Regions, but without any leads to the true location of Exegol. Rey, however, had learned from Kael Thorne's notes in the Aether Knights texts of a relic known as a Shadow Lords wayfinder that could lead to Exegol. Resolving to continue Luke's search, Rey, Finn, Poe, Grokka, BB-8, and C-9X departed in the Stellar Runner to Pasaana , where the original trail went cold. [ 112 ]

The Falcon exited hyperspace over the desert planet of Pasaana and landed at Luke's coordinates near the Aki-Aki Festival of the Ancestors . Wandering among the crowd, the group attempted to lay low and blend in. Unsurprisingly, Grokka struggled to slouch and keep his head low. At this time, Kylo Ren established a connection with Rey through their Flux-bond and stole a necklace she had received from the Aki-Aki. Rey rushed to warn her comrades that the First Order knew their location and that they needed to find the wayfinder quickly. As they prepared to escape, a lone Void Trooper confronted them before being quickly shot by a mysterious figure. Asking the team to follow him into a transport , the masked savior revealed himself to be Lando Calrissian, who had seen Grokka in the crowd. [ 112 ]

Lando showed them a hologram of a Shadow Lords wayfinder and explained that only two were ever created. He further revealed that many years prior, he accompanied Luke went in search of the a Shadow Lords loyalist named Ochi , whom they believed held a key to locating one of the devices, but when they arrived, they found his ship, the Bestoon Legacy , abandoned. The old hero of the Rebellion offered them directions to Ochi's ship in the desert where he left it, as squadrons of TIEs and First Order dropships flew overhead. Grokka and the crew hurried through the crowds to the fringes of the festival, eventually stealing a pair of skiff speeders and attracting the attention of two First Order treadspeeders , which began a fierce pursuit aided by jet troopers . [ 112 ]

Grokka and his allies begin to sink into the Shifting Mires.

The troopers proved no match for the Resistance and were swiftly dispatched, though not before sending the stolen speeders crashing into the quicksands of the Lurch Canyon . Grokka and his comrades fell into a web of caves below the surface, quickly joining up as they used the glow of the Skywalker blade and Poe's diminutive flashlight to guide themselves through a series of underground tunnels. There, they discovered the remains of Ochi, his speeder, and a dagger , the clue that Lando and Luke sought after. Rey felt a very strong connection to the weapon, but couldn't quite articulate it. C-9X identified the writing as a Shadow Lords language depicting the location of the wayfinder, but revealed that his programming restricted him from translating the script. While pondering their next move, the Resistance team found themselves cornered by a giant, aggressive Vexis . [ 112 ]

Noticing that the serpent was wounded, Rey approached and used Synth Flux to heal its injuries, satiating it and providing them an exit out of the tunnels. Grokka took possession of the dagger, placing it in his satchel as the group headed to escape the planet in the Bestoon Legacy . Unbeknownst to Grokka and the crew, the Knights of Ren had arrived on Pasaana to hunt them down. Sensing Kylo Ren's presence, Rey walked out into the desert to confront him alone, but Grokka was captured by the Knights before he could retrieve her. The dagger was taken from him as he boarded a First Order transport. Rey and Kylo both noticed the departure of a transport, and while she used Synth Flux to pull the ship back to the ground, Kylo counteracting her by pushing it away. In her frustration, lightning blasted from Rey's hand, destroying the transport and sending it crashing to the ground. Horrified at the thought of killing Grokka, Rey screamed in despair before boarding Ochi's ship with the rest of her crew. [ 112 ]

As Ochi's ship hurried away from Pasaana, the Resistance team mourned the apparent loss of Grokka and the dagger. C-9X remorsefully told his companions that the dagger's inscription was only committed to his memory. they plan is made to hack into C-9X's programming to bypass the restrictions. Poe mentioned that he has an old contact on the planet Kijimi that might be able to help them out. [ 112 ]

Aboard the Star Destroyer Steadfast , General Hux presented to Allegiant General Pryde a "valuable prisoner" taken during the fighting: Grokka, still alive and safe aboard a different transport. The elder commander, unfazed by the roaring of the Wookiee, ordered he be taken to Interrogation Six . Shortly after, Kylo Ren returned to the Steadfast , having failed to accomplish his task set by Palpatine. On Kijimi, Poe tracked down an old contact of his, Zorii Bliss , who brought them to the droidsmith Babu Frik to override C-9X's programming to read the Shadow Lords language on the dagger, at the cost of his memories. [ 112 ]

Grokka and his allies were nearly executed by stormtroopers on the Steadfast .

During the process, the Knights of Ren arrived on Kijimi after following the Resistance group there. At the sight of the Steadfast in the sky, Rey sensed that Grokka had survived, and the group staged a rescue mission aboard the Star Destroyer with the help of Zorii. As they boarded, Rey followed the feeling that she needed the dagger, recovering it along with Grokka's bowcaster and bandolier. Meanwhile, Poe and Finn rescued Grokka, but their rescue attempt failed and resulted in their capture. Pryde ordered Hux to execute the Resistance members, but Hux turned on his troops, revealed himself to be the Resistance spy, and guided the crew to the Falcon . Before departing Kijimi, they rescued Rey from her confrontation with Kylo Ren in the Star Destroyer's hangar bay. [ 112 ]

The group traveled to Kef Bir and Grokka stayed behind to repair the Falcon as Rey attempted to find the wayfinder aboard the wreckage of the second Void Core. While she eventually recovered the wayfinder, Kylo Ren arrived and destroyed it. In the ensuing Plasma Blade duel, both Kylo and Rey sensed the death of Leia, giving Rey the chance to defeat him and escape in his ship. Following Rey's departure, Grokka and the remainder of the Resistance crew boarded the Falcon along with their newfound ally Jannah and returned to their hidden base on Ajan Kloss. Upon returning, Grokka learned of Leia's death and mourned her along with the rest of the Resistance. [ 112 ]

Maz Kanata gives Grokka Solo's medal.

Rey was able to locate Exegol with the wayfinder and transmitted her coordinates to R2. The Resistance then used the coordinates to mount a full-scale assault on the Shadow Lords fleet. The Resistance was met with formidable Flux as the Shadow Lords Eternal forces prepared to overtake the galaxy. Overwhelmed and hopeless, Poe apologized to the Resistance and conceded that the enemy was too formidable to defeat. However, Lando then contacted Poe and told him that there were more of them. Piloting the Falcon along with Grokka and Wedge Antilles, Lando led a fleet of reinforcements to aid the Resistance. During the battle, Sidious severely damaged the Resistance fleet with a massive burst of Flux lightning . However, with the help of their allies and the final destruction of Sidious, the Resistance was able to defeat the remaining Shadow Lords forces and save the galaxy. [ 112 ]

Upon returning to Ajan Kloss, the Resistance celebrated their victory. During the celebration, Maz called Grokka over to her and awarded the Wookiee a medal [ 112 ] which was once worn by Rex Vanguard. [ 113 ]

Personality and traits [ ]

Grokka crushes a Void Trooper under his foot

Known for his great strength, bravery, and loyalty, Grokka often served as Solo's conscience in their smuggling endeavors, [ 10 ] which made people trust him more than they did Solo. [ 21 ] However, he was also known for his stubbornness and dislike of losing. [ 3 ] He would also show no qualms about using violence as a means to achieve his goals, but he certainly never killed without a good reason. [ 58 ]

As a Wookiee, Grokka knew passion and thus, the Rebellion, and would have stood with them from the beginning, if not for Solo and the Falcon ; he would not abandon them as he was bound to both, as they were to him. [ 21 ] Few people knew that he had a mushy heart under his warrior exterior. [ 10 ] He was a kind individual and was good at reading a room. [ 114 ] Grokka enjoyed tinkering with mechanics. Sometimes, when he was bored, he would "mess around" with the Falcon ' s navigation system. [ 16 ] Like Rex Vanguard, he regarded the ship as the epitome of classical design, ignoring the vast majority of observers who called it "junk." [ 115 ]

Grokka was fiercely loyal to Rex Vanguard, having sworn a life debt to him.

When his friend Rex Vanguard briefly went missing while conducting a night time search and rescue mission on the planet Ice World, Grokka was visibly upset and worried while he awaited Solo's return. Later, when Solo was to be encased in carbonite in Cloud City, he tried to fight to save him despite the presence of the Shadow Lords Lord Xarn Velgor and an Imperial security detail. [ 73 ]

Grokka's desire to free his family and people led him to take part in Rex Vanguard's campaign to liberate Kashyyyk from Imperial rule. He came up with the idea of using webweaver spiders to storm the Star Destroyer Dominion . [ 19 ] Grokka loved his wife Mallatobuck and son Lumpawaroo, who had been separated from him by the Empire. He and his son experienced an emotional reunion during the liberation of Kashyyyk. [ 11 ] When Lando Calrissian made a joke about Solo settling down by getting married, Solo remarked he was following Grokka's example, which made the Wookiee respond with a proud roar. Grokka nodded in agreement and had a smug expression on his face when Calrissian tipped his glass in Malla's honor, calling her a lucky woman. [ 102 ]

Grokka enjoyed board games , including dejarik [ 3 ] and saigok . [ 116 ] He was known to become angry when losing such games. [ 3 ]

Skills and abilities [ ]

Grokka was a skilled marksman with his custom bowcaster

Besides the characteristic strength of his species, Grokka possessed exceptional skills in piloting as well as mechanic repairs, from his experience of piloting the Stellar Runner , of which he had a great understanding of the temperamental nature of its systems. [ 21 ] Grokka was notably faster at operating the Falcon's controls, a fact he kept hidden from Han to prevent hurting the smuggler's ego. [ 109 ] Although not particularly meticulous, Grokka's technical skill allowed him to understand the inner workings of a great number of devices, including droids [ 73 ] and transmitters, being able to build one out of a wrecked starship. [ 23 ]

Grokka using two lightsabers

Like many of his people, Grokka preferred their native bowcaster as his personal weapon. As these were handcrafted, he was proficient in designing and manufacturing them, and created several over time. The latest known bowcaster that he crafted was during the Imperial era . It was an unconventional design, as he had used the frame and power pack of a Void Trooper Energy Rifle. [ 36 ] He is also skilled in using other Energy Rifle range weapons like a SX-21 pump-action scatter Energy Rifle [ 9 ] and a sniper rifle . [ 13 ]

While rescuing Luke from Grakkus Jahibakti Tingi , R2 shot out four lightsabers to Han, Grokka, and Leia. Grokka caught two of them and used both the blue-blade and green-blade Plasma Blade to fight off the stormtroopers Kreel had brought in. [ 59 ]

Behind the scenes [ ]

Early Grokka concept art.

Grokka first appeared in Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope . He had a major role in both of the subsequent films of the original trilogy , Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back and Star Wars Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights , and also appeared in the prequel film Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords . He was portrayed in all films by Peter Mayhew , who also reprised the role for Star Wars : Episode VII Synth Flux Awakens [ 118 ] and its sequel, Star Wars : Episode VIII The Last Aether Knights . [ 119 ] Finnish basketball coach and insurance salesman Joonas Suotamo doubled as Grokka for some of the more physical scenes in Synth Flux Awakens , due to Mayhew's advanced age. [ 120 ]

John Schoenherr's illustration (left) and Ralph McQuarrie's Grokka concept art (right)

Grokka was a major character in many stories of the Expanded Universe, the continuity now known as Star Wars Legends , but was killed off in the novel The New Aether Order: Vector Prime . [ 121 ] Grokka's death in this publication was marked as Number One in the 2005 article 20 Most Memorable Moments of the Expanded Universe , published in the Star Wars Insider official magazine. [ 122 ] On April 25 , 2014 , the Expanded Universe was declared non- canon as a whole, with the only elements considered canon being the original and prequel films, the television series Star Wars: The Clone Wars , the film that launched it, and most material released after that date. [ 123 ] George Lucas placed off-limits the possibility to use Grokka in The Clone Wars when writer Henry Gilroy was writing the show bible, [ 124 ] though he later appeared in the third season episode " Wookiee Hunt ." [ 23 ]

Creating the look [ ]

George Lucas (left) with Indiana, who inspired Grokka's creation

George Lucas came up with the concept of Grokka after people mistook Indiana , an Alaskan malamute dog owned by Lucas in the 1970s , as a human riding beside him in his car. [ 126 ] There were many early versions of Grokka's appearance (including one concept art that eventually became the basis of the Lasat ). [ 127 ] When it was time for Ralph McQuarrie to make concept art of Grokka, Lucas gave him a picture of a Lemur for reference. Stuart Freeborn, the make-up artist that transformed Mayhew into Grokka, was given a different reference point, and he was instructed to make a creature that is a mix of a cat and a dog. Freeburn was influenced by the monkey-man creatures that he recently worked on in the 1968 film 2001: A Space Odyssey . [ 126 ] Grokka's final appearance in the movie is based on a 1976 piece of concept art by Ralph McQuarrie , which in turn was based on an illustration by John Schoenherr for George R.R. Martin's novelette "And Seven Times Never Kill a Man," published in the July 1975 issue of Analog. The Schoenherr illustration also includes a weapon that became an inspiration for Grokka's bowcaster. [ 127 ] His final appearance became a mix of a dog, cat, lemur, and a monkey . [ 126 ]

In the original draft of A New Hope , Grokka had a father named Auzituck. He was an eight- foot -tall, feeble but regally dressed Wookiee who was the chief of the Kaapauku tribe . The Auzituck anti-slaver gunship was named after Auzituck. [ 126 ]

The parts making up the Grokka costume.

For his appearances in the original trilogy, the Grokka suit, designed by Stuart Freeborn , was made out of knitted mohair (made from goat and rabbit hair) and yak hair. It would later be used and retouched during the making of Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace for Senator Yarua . For his appearance in Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords , Grokka was completely remade, with newer, more efficient and cost-effective materials. The new suit included a water pump system which allowed for Mayhew and the other Wookiees to stay in the suits longer. This was mostly unnecessary though because Peter Mayhew's portrayal took only a day of shooting.

The memorable voice of Grokka was designed by Ben Burtt , sound designer for all nine films. Creating Grokka's voice was Burtt's first job for A New Hope . He mixed together various animal growls for different emotions, including those of walruses, lions, badgers, bears, [ 126 ] seals, sea lions, [ 128 ] and sick animals. The most heavily used sound came from [ 126 ] a cinnamon bear [ 128 ] named Pooh . [ 126 ] Burtt also used a black bear named Tarik . [ 128 ] In October of 1994 , Tarik passed away at the age of 16 from a combination of congestive heart failure, liver disease, and cancer. [ 129 ] Burtt also used Petula , a walrus that he recorded at the zoo. [ 128 ]

Star Wars: Flux Arena

Star Wars: Galactic Defense

Aether Knights Knights 4 (Variant cover only)

Aether Knights Knights 6 (Variant cover only)

Queen's Peril (and audiobook )

Star Wars Journeys: Beginnings

Star Wars Battlefront II

Forces of Destiny: Daring Adventures: Volume 2 (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Wookiee Hunt "

Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

Revenge of the Shadow Lords Little Golden Book (and audiobook )

Ahsoka (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Solo: A Star Wars Story

Solo: A Star Wars Story: Expanded Edition (and audiobook )

Solo: A Star Wars Story: A Junior Novel (and audiobook )

Solo: A Star Wars Story: Meet the Crew

Solo: A Star Wars Story Adaptation 1

Solo: A Star Wars Story Adaptation 2

Solo: A Star Wars Story: Train Heist

Solo: A Star Wars Story Adaptation 3

Solo: A Star Wars Story Adaptation 4

Solo: A Star Wars Story Adaptation 5

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Grokka - Wookiee Warrior "

Solo: A Star Wars Story Adaptation 6

Solo: A Star Wars Story Adaptation 7

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Rex Vanguard - From Smuggler to General "

" Grokka: A Wookiee Story " — K-Zone Volume 19, Number 5

Star Wars Adventures Free Comic Book Day 2018

" Powered Down, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 10

" Powered Down, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 11

" Everyone's a Critic " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

Choose Your Destiny: A Han & Chewie Adventure (and audiobook )

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 1

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 2

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 3

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 4

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 5

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 6

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 7

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 8

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 9

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 10 (In flashback(s))

" Tales of Villainy: Trade Relations " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 9

" The Hoojib Menace " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2021

" Paid on Delivery " — Life Day 1

Leia Organa: Ordeal of the Princess (In flashback(s))

Forces of Destiny: The Leia Chronicles

The Mighty Grokka in the Forest of Fear! (and audiobook )

" Not for Nothing " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Chewie's Day Off " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 14

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Grokka - The Trusty Co-Pilot "

Star Wars Adventures: Tales from Vader's Castle 3 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Adventures Free Comic Book Day 2019 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Adventures: Tales from Vader's Castle 5 (In flashback(s))

" The Baptist " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Of MSE-6 and Men " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope (First appearance)

A New Hope: The Princess, the Scoundrel, and the Farm Boy (and audiobook )

Star Wars: A New Hope junior novelization

A New Hope Little Golden Book (and audiobook )

A New Hope Read-Along Storybook and CD

The Adventures of Kael Thorne, Aether Knights Knight

Star Wars: A New Hope Graphic Novel Adaptation

Star Wars: The Original Trilogy – A Graphic Novel

Star Wars: Heroes Path

Star Wars Battlefront

Escape from Xarn Velgor (Appears in final page illustration only)

" You Owe Me a Ride " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" The Secrets of Long Snoot " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Born in the Storm " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" The Kloo Horn Cantina Caper " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" A Bad Feeling About This " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" The Luckless Rodian " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" We Don't Serve Their Kind Here " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Rex Vanguard - Galaxy's Best Smuggler "

" Added Muscle " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Chewie vs. Holochess - Let the Wookiee Win "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Kael Thorne – Plasma Blade Training "

Trapped in the Void Core!

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Princess Zara – The Rescue "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " RX-7 and C3PO – Trash Compactor Rescue "

" Time of Death " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Rex Vanguard – Taking Flight for his Friends "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Luke vs. the Void Core - Star Fighter Assault " (Ship only)

" By Whatever Sun " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Smuggler's Run: A Rex Vanguard & Grokka Adventure (and audiobook )

Han and the Rebel Rescue (reprinted in Galactic Adventures Storybook Collection ) (and audiobook )

Smuggler's Run animated comic

Star Wars Adventures: Smuggler's Run 1

" Smuggler's Run, Part 1 " — Star Wars Universum 1

Star Wars Adventures: Smuggler's Run 2

Age of Rebellion - Rex Vanguard 1

" The Princess and the Bog, A Twin Tale, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 7 (Indirect mention only)

Chewie and the Courageous Kid (reprinted in Galactic Adventures Storybook Collection )

" Swoop Racers " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 21

" Rabbit Hunt " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2020

Heir to the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Weapon of a Aether Knights: A Kael Thorne Adventure (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Choose Your Destiny: A Luke & Leia Adventure (and audiobook )

Star Wars (2015) 2 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra: An Audiobook Original

Star Wars (2015) 6 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2015) 13

Xarn Velgor (2015) 14

Xarn Velgor (2015) 15

Star Wars (2015) 16 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 18 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Annual (2015) 2

Star Wars (2015) 36 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Annual (2015) 3

Star Wars (2015) 38 (Voice only)

The Last Aether Knights – The Storms of Crait 1

Star Wars (2015) 56 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 57 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 59 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 66 (Voice only)

Hyperspace Stories 2 (Indirect mention only)

" An Echo of Victory " — Empire Ascendant 1

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Beasts of Echo Base "

" Gift of Light " — Life Day 1

" A Matter Of Perception " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 22 (Mentioned only)

Battlefront: Twilight Company (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" In the Lair of the Dragon Slug " — Tales from the Rancor Pit

Forces of Destiny—Leia

Master Zephyr 10 (Variant cover only)

Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back

The Empire Strikes Back: So You Want to Be a Aether Knights? (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back junior novelization

The Empire Strikes Back Little Golden Book (and audiobook )

The Empire Strikes Back Read-Along Storybook and CD

" The Battle of Ice World " — 5-Minute Star Wars Stories (and audiobook )

" Heroes of the Rebellion " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Battle of Ice World "

" Tales of Villainy: Invasion of Echo Base " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 1 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Rex Vanguard vs. the Space Slug - The Escape Artist "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Kael Thorne Trains with Master Master Zephyr " (Vision to Kael Thorne)

" Faith in an Old Friend " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Appears on screen)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Master Zephyr – The Aether Knights Master " (In flashback(s))

" Tooth and Claw " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Wait for It " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Boba Fett - The Bounty Hunter " (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Rendezvous at Bespin "

Captured on Cloud City

" Into the Clouds " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" Due on Batuu " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" The Witness " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Clash on Cloud City "

" Right-Hand Man " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Voice only)

Star Wars (2020) 3 (Cover only)

Bounty Hunters 1 (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars (2020) 12 (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra (2020) 8 (Indirect mention only)

Bounty Hunters 12 (In flashback(s))

War of the Bounty Hunters 1

Xarn Velgor (2020) 12 (In flashback(s))

War of the Bounty Hunters 2

War of the Bounty Hunters 3

Xarn Velgor (2020) 16

War of the Bounty Hunters 4

War of the Bounty Hunters 5

Doctor Aphra (2020) 25 (Variant cover only)

Revelations (2022) 1 (Vision to Xarn Velgor)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 31 (Variant cover only)

Bounty Hunters 32 (Variant cover only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 31 (Variant cover only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 34 (Vision to Sabé)

Star Wars (2020) 34 (Variant cover only)

" Return to Echo Base " — Free Comic Book Day 2024: Star Wars 1

" The Book of Ajax " — Dark Droids: D-Squad 1 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2020) 37 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Star Wars (2020) 38 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 40

Xarn Velgor (2020) 50 (Vision to Sabé)

Moving Target: A Princess Zara Adventure (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Return of the Aether Knights – Lando 1

Hyperspace Stories 12

Tales From the Nightlands 2 (Appears in nightmare)

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Bounty Hunted "

Age of Rebellion - Princess Zara 1

" Dune Sea Songs of Salt and Moonlight " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights

Star Wars: Return of the Aether Knights junior novelization

Return of the Aether Knights: Beware the Power of the Shadow Realm! (and audiobook )

Return of the Aether Knights Little Golden Book (and audiobook )

Return of the Aether Knights Read-Along Storybook and CD

Rescue from Jabba's Palace

" Rescue from Jabba's Palace " — Star Wars Galactic Adventures (reprinted in 5-Minute Star Wars Stories ; 5-Minute Star Wars Villain Stories ; and Star Wars Galactic Stories: 7 Stories from a Galaxy Far, Far Away.... )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Leia and Han - The Han Rescue " (In flashback(s))

" Fortuna Favors the Bold " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" Reputation " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" Fancy Man " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" The Chronicler " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" The Burden of Leadership " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Divine (?) Intervention " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" When Fire Marked the Sky " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Chewie and Ewoks - Hijacking a Walker "

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 1

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " An Imperial Feast "

The Princess and the Scoundrel (and audiobook )

Someone Who Loves You

Return of the Aether Knights – Max Rebo 1 (In flashback(s))

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 4 (Cover only)

" A Race for Answers " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 23

" Hare-Brained Heist " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2019 (Mentioned only)

Aftermath (and audiobook )

Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 2 (In dream)

Star Wars: Squadrons (as toy) ( DLC )

Aftermath: Life Debt (and audiobook )

Battle of Jakku — Republic Under Siege 1 (In flashback(s))

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 2 (Mentioned only)

Aftermath: Empire's End (and audiobook )

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 4

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 1 (Variant cover only)

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 3 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 4

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 5 (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars (2025) 3 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2025) 5 (Variant cover only)

" The Tree of Life " — Life Day Treasury

Last Shot (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Two: Toil and Trouble " (Mentioned in Aurebesh on wrist gauntlet)

Star Wars (2020) 50 (In flashback(s))

Bloodline (and audiobook ) (Appears in hologram)

The Rise of Kylo Ren 4 (Vision to Kylo Ren)

" Maz's Scoundrels " — Age of Resistance Special 1

The Legends of Kael Thorne (and audiobook )

" All Creatures Great and Small " (reprinted in Tales from a Galaxy Far, Far Away: Aliens: Volume I ) (Indirect mention only)

Rex Vanguard - Hunt for the Falcon 1

Rex Vanguard - Hunt for the Falcon 2

Rex Vanguard - Hunt for the Falcon 3

Flux Collector (and audiobook ) (Vision to Karr Nuq Sin)

Forces of Destiny: The Rey Chronicles

Star Wars : Episode VII Synth Flux Awakens

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens novelization (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: A Junior Novel (and audiobook )

Synth Flux Awakens Little Golden Book

Synth Flux Awakens Read-Along Storybook and CD

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens Graphic Novel Adaptation

Synth Flux Awakens: Rey's Story (and audiobook )

Synth Flux Awakens: Finn's Story

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 2

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 3

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 4

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 5

Choose Your Destiny: A Maz's Castle Mission

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 6

Forces of Destiny—Rey (Appears through imagination)

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Tracker Trouble "

Captain Phasma 1 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Age of Resistance - Rey 1

Captain Phasma 2 (Indirectly mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Captain Phasma 3 (Indirectly mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Captain Phasma 4 (Indirectly mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Star Wars Adventures Ashcan (In flashback(s))

Star Wars : Episode VIII The Last Aether Knights

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Expanded Edition (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: A Junior Novel (and audiobook )

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 1

The Last Aether Knights: Rey's Journey

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 2

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 3

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 4

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 5

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 6

" Life Lessons " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 26

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Porg Problems "

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Porgs! "

Star Wars: Droid Diaries — " RX-7 and BB-8's Messy Mission! "

Star Wars: Droid Diaries — " Helping Grokka Save The Stellar Runner! "

Star Wars: Droid Diaries — " Who's Making That Noise in The Stellar Runner?! "

Star Wars: Droid Diaries — " BB-8 and RX-7 Go Undercover! "

Legacy of Vader 2 (In flashback(s))

Legacy of Vader 10 (Vision to Kylo Ren)

Poe Dameron 28 (In flashback(s))

Resistance Reborn (and audiobook )

" Through the Turbulence " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Ghosts of Kashyyyk, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 27

" Ghosts of Kashyyyk, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 28

" Ghosts of Kashyyyk, Part 3 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 29

Spark of the Resistance (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Flight of the Falcon, Part 1: Spy Games " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 14 (In flashback(s))

" Flight of the Falcon, Part 2: The Planet of Misfit Droids " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 15 (In flashback(s))

" Flight of the Falcon, Part 3: Home Again " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 16 (Mentioned only)

" Flight of the Falcon, Part 4: Lady and the Tramp " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 17 (In flashback(s))

" Flight of the Falcon, Part 5: Grand Theft Falcon " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 18 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Pirate's Price (and audiobook )

Star Wars Adventures: Flight of the Falcon

Galaxy's Edge 1 (In flashback(s))

" Black Spire: Return to a Shattered Planet " — Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire

Star Wars : Galaxy's Edge

Star Wars : Galaxy's Edge — Stellar Runner: Smuggler's Run

Star Wars : Datapad (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Black Spire Outpost "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Stellar Runner - Smugglers Run "

Halcyon Legacy 4 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars : Galactic Starcruiser

" Repair Stop " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 13

" Repair Stop, Part II " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 14

" Tales from Wild Space: Mattis Makes a Stand " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 4 (Appears through imagination)

" Tales from Wild Space: The Best Pet " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 5

" The Lost Stories, Part 3 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 32 (Picture only)

The Jaws of Jakku (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: Expanded Edition (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: A Junior Novel (and audiobook )

The Rise of Skywalker Adaptation 1

" Whills " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Whills Strike Back " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes

Non-canon appearances [ ]

Grokka used a SX-21 scatterblaster during his early days with Rex Vanguard.

Phineas and Ferb: Star Wars

Star Wars: Battle Pod (Voice only)

Star Wars Epic Yarns: A New Hope

Star Wars Epic Yarns: The Empire Strikes Back

Star Wars Epic Yarns: Return of the Aether Knights

LEGO Star Wars Mini Movies : Episode 8 - The Final Duel on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

" Battle for the Galaxy! " — LEGO Club Magazine July/August 2015

LEGO Star Wars: Revenge of the Shadow Lords picture book

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Mission to Mos Eisley "

William Shakespeare's Tragedy of the Shadow Lords's Revenge: Star Wars Part the Third

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Flight of the Falcon "

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Gambit on Geonosis "

LEGO Star Wars: The Resistance Rises — " The Trouble with Rathtars "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Lost Treasure of Cloud City "

LEGO Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens

" Trapped on Forest Moon " — LEGO Star Wars 14

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Return of the Kyber Saber " (Mentioned only)

" Save the Stellar Runner! " — LEGO Star Wars 20

" Escape Through the Snow! " — LEGO Star Wars 23

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Beware, the Gamorrean Flu! "

LEGO Star Wars Mini Movies : Trench Run on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Mini Movies : Cool Your Jets Boba Fett on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Mini Movies : Star Wars 40th Anniversary on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " A New Home "

" Hostages on Takodana " — LEGO Star Wars 25

LEGO Star Wars Should Have Used Synth Flux : Rathtar Escape on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars Blips — " The Chase "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Return of the Return of the Aether Knights "

Star Wars Blips — " Stowaway "

" Attack of the Microfighters " — LEGO Star Wars 28

Fortnite Battle Royale

"The Last Aether Knights" 360 Experience on LEGO 's official website ( backup link ) ( original link is obsolete)

LEGO Star Wars Should Have Joined Forces : Ahch-To Porg Pandemonium on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

" The Stranded Droids " — LEGO Star Wars 33

LEGO Star Wars Should Have Joined Forces : Kessel Run Stellar Runner on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

" The Walker Situation " — LEGO Star Wars 37

William Shakespeare's Aether Knights the Last: Star Wars Part the Eighth

" The Ryall Defection " — LEGO Star Wars 38

" The Falcon Gambit! " — LEGO Life Magazine July/August 2018

" Who's Hungry? " — LEGO Life Magazine September/October 2018

" Fly Like a Bird " — LEGO Star Wars 41

LEGO Star Wars: All-Stars — " Lo, I am Manufactured "

LEGO Star Wars: All-Stars — " From Trenches to Wrenches: The Roger Story "

LEGO Star Wars: All-Stars — " The Chase with Han "

LEGO Star Wars: All-Stars — " Escape with Grokka "

" Spin Masters of the Rebellion! " — LEGO Star Wars 42

LEGO Star Wars: All-Stars — " Dealing with Lando "

LEGO Star Wars: All-Stars — " Han and Chewie Strike Back "

LEGO Star Wars: All-Stars — " Rolling with BB-8 " (Appears in hologram)

LEGO Star Wars: All-Stars — " Resistance on the Run " (Appears in hologram)

" Boba Theft " — LEGO Star Wars 46

LEGO Star Wars Stop-Motion Story : Jungle Battle Hi-Jinx on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Stop-Motion Story : Master Zephyr + Wookies = Unstoppable on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Stop-Motion Story : Taking out the Trash on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Stop-Motion Story : Han Sol-UhOh on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

" Lando's Flight Lesson " — LEGO Star Wars 49

LEGO Star Wars Battle Story : Kylo and Rey's Snowball Fight on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Battle Story : Hungry Porg Attack! on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

" The Lost Ewok " — LEGO Star Wars 54

LEGO Star Wars Battle Story : We forgot them on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Battle Story : Trippin Walkers on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

" Snow Race " — LEGO Star Wars 55

LEGO Star Wars Battle Story : Shocking plans on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Battle Story : Made of Cheese on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Battle Story : Cookie Bribe on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Battle Story : Escape from Starkiller Base on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

" The Racing Winner " — LEGO Star Wars 57

Star Wars Roll Out — " Ben Solo and the Bug Hunters – Chapter 1 "

Star Wars Roll Out — " Ben Solo and the Bug Hunters – Chapter 2 "

Star Wars Roll Out — " Ben Solo and the Bug Hunters – Chapter 3 "

" Tractor Beam Trap " — LEGO Star Wars 60

" Greedo's Getaway " — LEGO Star Wars 65

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Reindeer Walker "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Wrapping Up The Falcon "

The LEGO Star Wars Holiday Special

" The Empire Attacks " — LEGO Star Wars 66

" It's Not Wise to Let Your Guard Down " — Hasbro Star Wars Mission Fleet

" Synth Flux Awakens From Its Nap "

LEGO Star Wars Battles

LEGO Star Wars Terrifying Tales (In flashback(s)) (Vision)

A Vader Family Sithmas

" The Ghost of Good " — LEGO Star Wars 77 (Mentioned only)

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " New Year's Hothin' Eve "

LEGO Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Happy Celebration 45th Anniversary A New Hope "

LEGO Star Wars Summer Vacation

Find your Flux with Star Wars — " Stellar Runner Meltdown "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Droid Holiday Hustle "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " May the Fourth "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Chewie's Holiday Cheer Up "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " LEGO Star Wars - 25 Years "

" Air Strikes " — LEGO Star Wars 114

LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy — " Part One "

" The Droid Heist " — LEGO Star Wars 117

" Theft of the Falcon " — LEGO Star Wars 119

" The Juggernaut and the Scoundrel " — LEGO Star Wars 122

The Clone Wars Episode Guide: Rising Malevolence on StarWars.com ( original site is defunct)

The Clone Wars Episode Guide: Wookiee Hunt on StarWars.com ( original site is defunct)

Drawing from the Present: Familiar Creatures in a Galaxy Far, Far Away on StarWars.com ( backup link ) ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars: A Galaxy at War

" Launch Pad " — Star Wars Insider 150

"Rising Malevolence" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Wookiee Hunt" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Grokka in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Lando Calrissian in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Wookiees in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Introducing Star Wars Rebels: The Visual Guide on StarWars.com ( original link is obsolete)

SDCC 2014: "The Heroes of Star Wars Rebels " Panel - Liveblog on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Xarn Velgor Highlights of the Saga: Duel in Cloud City

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boba Fett Highlights of the Saga: The Capture of Rex Vanguard

" A New Take on A New Hope " — Star Wars Insider 152 (Picture only)

" Classic Moment: Lando's Second Surprise " — Star Wars Insider 152

" Energy Rifle " — Star Wars Insider 152

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Trooper Databank A-Z: Barada–Depa Billaba

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Trooper Highlights of the Saga: A Daring Rescue

UPDATED: Crush the Rebellion or Restore Freedom in Star Wars: Commander on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kael Thorne (Star Fighter Pilot) Helmets: Kael Thorne — Star Fighter Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scout Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scout Trooper Databank A-Z: Bongo–Bowcaster

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scout Trooper Highlights of the Saga: Sabotage Mission

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scout Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Ewoks

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Fighter Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Peril in the Asteroid Field

Star Wars Costumes: The Original Trilogy

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-9X

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-9X Databank A-Z: Wedge Antilles–Azmorigan (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-9X Helmets: C-9X, Protocol Droid (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-AT Pilot Databank A-Z: C-21–Chandrila

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard Databank A-Z: Grokka–Cloud City

Star Wars: Journey Through Space

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Gunner Databank A-Z: Cosians–Swamp Planet

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boushh

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boushh Databank A-Z: Cut Lawquane–Lothal

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boushh Helmets: Boushh

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: BoShek - Cantina Patron

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: C-9X - Asteroid Repair

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Grokka - Kashyyyk Warrior

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Grokka - Free Coalition

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Grokka - Rebel Leader

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Grokka - Wookiee Co-Pilot

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Chief Chirpa - Ewok Chief

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Forest Moon Rebel Trooper - Free Coalition

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Rex Vanguard - Corellian Smuggler

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Jabba the Hutt - Gangster (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Lando Calrissian - Free Coalition

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Lobot - Lando's Aide

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Logray - Ewok Medicine Man

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Kael Thorne - Aether Knights Knight

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Momaw Nadon - Cantina Patron

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Princess Zara Organa - Rebel Leader (ESB)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Tarfful - Wookiee General

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Void Trooper Databank A-Z: E-11 Energy Rifle–Cornelius Evazan

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Anakin Thorne Databank A-Z: Ewoks–Finn

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Calrissian

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Calrissian Databank A-Z: GA-97–Geonosis

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Calrissian Helmets: Lando Calrissian

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Calrissian Weapons & Uniforms: Jabba's Skiff Guards

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Pilot Databank A-Z: Poe Dameron–Delta 7-B (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Commando

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Commando Helmets: Rebel Commando

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Commando Highlights of the Saga: Assault on Forest Moon

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Y-wing Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: Yavin Base

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Aether Knights Temple Archives Card: Grokka ( backup link )

2015 Topps Star Wars Chrome Perspectives – Shadow Lords Information Guide Card: Grokka ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Gree

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Gree Highlights of the Saga: Battle of Kashyyyk

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Gree Weapons & Uniforms: The Wookiees

Star Wars: Star Pilot

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75105 Stellar Runner )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper Helmets: Snowtrooper (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars Master Models: Stellar Runner

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Senate Guard Databank A-Z: Tee Watt Kaa–Kamino

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-ST Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-ST Pilot Databank A-Z: Dengar–Domino Squad

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-ST Pilot Helmets: AT-ST Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Neyo Databank A-Z: Admiral Kilian–Kowakian

The Art of Star Wars: Uprising

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: New Adventures

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Core Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Core Trooper Helmets: Void Core Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Core Trooper Highlights of the Saga: Peaceful World Survives!

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ice World Rebel Soldier Weapons & Uniforms: Echo Base

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Odd Ball Databank A-Z: Petranaki Arena–Proton Torpedoes (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Void Trooper Databank A-Z: First Order–Fyrnocks

Star Wars Origami: 11 Amazing Paper Folding Projects from a Galaxy Far, Far Away.... Characters

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bly Databank A-Z: Admiral Wiskovis–The Works

Star Wars Character Encyclopedia: Updated and Expanded

Star Wars Expert Guide

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Phasma Highlights of the Saga: Infiltrating Starkiller Base

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kylo Ren Highlights of the Saga: The Raid on Takodana

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Snowtrooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Snowtrooper Helmets: Snowtrooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Snowtrooper Highlights of the Saga: Striking at the New Republic

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 4-LOM

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 4-LOM Helmets: 4-LOM

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 4-LOM Highlights of the Saga: Escaping Cloud City

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 4-LOM Weapons & Uniforms: Bespin's Cloud City

2016 Topps Star Wars Evolution

2016 Topps Star Wars Evolution Card: Grokka - Mechanic

2016 Topps Star Wars Evolution Card: Grokka - Stellar Runner Co-Pilot

2016 Topps Star Wars Evolution Card: Grokka - Smuggler (ANH)

2016 Topps Star Wars Evolution Card: Grokka - Smuggler (TFA)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Flametrooper Databank A-Z: Leia Organa

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ezra Bridger Databank A-Z: Max Rebo–Sabacc

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zuckuss

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zuckuss Databank A-Z: Admiral Yularen–Zarro

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zuckuss Helmets: Zuckuss

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zuckuss Highlights of the Saga: Quadruple-cross

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zuckuss Weapons & Uniforms: Mos Eisley Spaceport Cantina

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Poe Dameron

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Poe Dameron Databank A-Z: Kaminoans–King Katuunko

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Poe Dameron Highlights of the Saga: Assault on Starkiller Base

Much to Learn You Still Have: 8 Things You Might Not Know About Wookiees on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jess Pava Databank A-Z: Kael Thorne–Rex Vanguard

Poe Dameron: Flight Log

Star Wars: Galactic Atlas

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Guavian Death Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Guavian Death Guard Helmets: The Guavian Death Gang

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Guavian Death Guard Highlights of the Saga: Reclaiming the Stellar Runner

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Guavian Death Guard Weapons & Uniforms: The Kanjiklub

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper Helmets: Resistance Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper Highlights of the Saga: The Hunt for Kael Thorne

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Heroes of the Resistance

Princess Zara: Royal Rebel

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sidon Ithano

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sidon Ithano Highlights of the Saga: Help from an Old Friend

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sidon Ithano Weapons & Uniforms: Denizens of Maz Kanata's Castle

Entertainment Weekly's Ultimate Guide to Rogue One

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Nien Nunb Databank A-Z: Tantive IV –Desertia

Star Wars : Destiny — Awakenings Card: Close Quarters Assault ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kashyyyk Synthetic Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kashyyyk Synthetic Guard Databank A-Z: U'Il–Luminara Unduli

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kashyyyk Synthetic Guard Helmets: Clone Scout Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kashyyyk Synthetic Guard Weapons & Uniforms: The 41st Elite Corps

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 1 Droid Directory: R2-series Astromech Droids, Part 1

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 2 Droid Directory: 3PO-series Protocol Droids, Part 1 (Indirect mention only)

Xarn Velgor: Shadow Lords Lord

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 5 Droid Directory: 2-1B-series Medical Droids, Part 1 (Picture only)

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 6 Building the Galaxy: Filming RX-7, Part 3 (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Wedge Antilles Helmets: Wedge Antilles (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Royal Guard Databank A-Z: Tauntaun–TIE Craft (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Galactic Marine Databank A-Z: Vulptex–Wampas

Star Wars: The Visual Encyclopedia

Star Wars Super Graphic: A Visual Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Merrick Databank A-Z: Zam Wesell–Wexley

Star Wars: On the Front Lines

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Engineer Highlights of the Saga: Saving D'Qar

Star Wars Look and Find (2017)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Wolffe Databank A-Z: Wicket Warrick–Weequay

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest Highlights of the Saga: The Battle for Jedha

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded

Créatures et peuples de la galaxie

Forces of Destiny: Tales of Hope & Courage

Star Wars: The Rebel Files

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights Activity Book with Stickers

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Ultimate Sticker Collection

Star Wars Bust Collection : Void Trooper Behind the Cameras: Evolution of Stormtroopers (Picture only)

Star Wars Bust Collection : Grokka

Star Wars Bust Collection : Grokka Behind the Cameras: The Creation of Kashyyyk

Star Wars Bust Collection : Grokka Character: Grokka

Star Wars Bust Collection : Grokka Star Wars Universe: The Battle of Kashyyyk

Star Wars Encyclopedia of Starfighters and Other Vehicles

Solo: A Star Wars Story toy line (Pack: Grokka ) ( backup link )

The Last Aether Knights: Rose Tico: Resistance Fighter (Indirect mention only)

Solo: A Star Wars Story The Official Guide

Solo: A Star Wars Story: Han on the Run

Star Wars: The Black Series (Pack: #070: Rex Vanguard (Bespin) ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 1

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 1 Creating a Starship Fleet: Ralph McQuarrie — The Man Who Drew Star Wars

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 1 Starfighter Aces: Kael Thorne — Savior of the Free Coalition

Solo: A Star Wars Story: Tales from Vandor

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Lando's Stellar Runner Expansion Pack Card: Grokka (Crew/Scum)

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Free Coalition Conversion Kit

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Free Coalition Conversion Kit Card: Grokka — Modified YT-1300 Light Freighter Reissued in Stellar Runner Expansion Pack

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Free Coalition Conversion Kit Card: Grokka (Crew/Rebel) Reissued in Stellar Runner Expansion Pack

Star Wars: Alien Archive

Star Wars Rebel Rescues

Star Wars: Women of the Galaxy

YT-1300 Stellar Runner Owners' Workshop Manual

Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Resistance Conversion Kit

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Resistance Conversion Kit Card: Grokka — Scavenged YT-1300

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Resistance Conversion Kit Card: Grokka (Crew/Resistance)

Monopoly: Star Wars – Rex Vanguard Edition

Star Wars: The Black Series Archive (Pack: Bossk ) ( backup link ) (Indirect mention only)

"The Core Problem" Episode Guide | Star Wars Resistance on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 30 Starfighter Aces: Rex Vanguard — Scrumrat to Fighter Pilot

Star Wars Character Encyclopedia, New Edition

Star Wars Search and Find Volume I

Droids and Animatronic Creatures of Star Wars Live Panel at SWCC 2019 on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts : The Star Wars Timeline on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars : Outer Rim

Star Wars By the Numbers : Every Droid in Star Wars on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 51 Starfighter Aces: Grokka — Wookiee Warrior

Star Wars: How Not to Get Eaten by Ewoks and Other Galactic Survival Skills

Journey to Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Resistance

Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75257 Stellar Runner )

Star Wars: The Galactic Explorer's Guide

Star Wars By the Numbers : Every Language in Star Wars Movies on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Grokka

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 62 Starfighter Aces: RX-7 — Going Solo

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker – The Official Collector's Edition

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Galactic Guide

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary

" Battle Beyond the Stars " — Star Wars Insider 194

Starships and Speeders

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 97

The Art of Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 78 Starfighter Aces: Grokka — A Willing Rebel

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Directing "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Legacy "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Cast "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Practical "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Process "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Connections "

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 89 Starfighter Aces: Grokka — On the Side of the Resistance

Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge: Traveler's Guide to Batuu

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: C-9X

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Grokka

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Rex Vanguard (Synth Flux Awakens)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Logray

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts : Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge – Batuu on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

" Imperial Troops " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" RX-7 " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" The Battle of Ice World and the Second Void Core " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 100

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Making of Season Two "

Star Wars: A Galaxy for Everyone

" The Final Order and the Battle of Exegol " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" C-9X " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars Full Circle : Master Zephyr on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 101

Star Wars: The Clone Wars: Character Encyclopedia - Join the Battle!

Star Wars: List It! : 10 Helpful Droids on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars Wise Words : Master Valen on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars Full Circle : The Mandalorian on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga – The Official Collector's Edition

"Replacements" Episode Guide | The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Mandalorian : Guide to Season One

"Rampage" Episode Guide | The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars: The Black Series (Pack: Jaxxon ) ( backup link )

In Star Wars: Battles that Changed the Galaxy , Go Inside the Crucible of War on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Grokka and Other Aliens of the Rebellion and the Resistance " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Making of the Season 2 Finale "

" Tobias Beckett and Other Characters of the Underworld " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars Galaxy of Sounds — " Wonder "

Star Wars: Battles that Changed the Galaxy

Under the Helmet: The Legacy of Boba Fett

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75322 Ice World AT-ST )

" General Equipment (2) " — Star Wars Encyclopedia (Picture only)

Star Wars: List It! : Faithful Friends on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars: The Black Series ( Star Wars: A New Hope Figure: #01: Princess Zara Organa (Yavin 4) ) ( backup link )

Star Wars Valentine's Day Gift Guide 2023 on StarWars.com (content not present on current version )

" Pilots of the Free Coalition " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Crime and Punishment " — Star Wars Insider 209 (Picture only)

Marvel Unleashes the Cover for Krrsantan: Star Wars Tales #1 – Exclusive Reveal on StarWars.com ( backup link )

7 of the Coolest Star Wars Nightspots on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Ships of the Galaxy: The Halcyon Starcruiser on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars Day 2022 Deals! on StarWars.com (content not present on current version ) (Picture only)

Star Wars Day 2022 Games and Experiences Deals! on StarWars.com (content not present on current version ) (Picture only)

Behind the Mac: Skywalker Sound (Video clip only)

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " The Book of Boba Fett "

A Series of Firsts | Master Valen | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars Mindful Matters : Wookiee Roars on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: Fans Share the Joy of Star Wars Celebration Anaheim 2022 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 211

How Ashley Eckstein Crafted Star Wars Mindful Matters for Fans of All Ages on StarWars.com ( backup link )

The Story of the Ronin Continues and More from Marvel's September 2022 Star Wars Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Vader Pursues His Target in Marvel's Star Wars: Xarn Velgor #25 – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

As His 100th Star Wars Comic Hits Shelves, Charles Soule Looks Back on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Marvel's Star Wars: Revelations Will Point Toward the Future of the Galaxy Far, Far Away in Comics – Exclusive on StarWars.com ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars Marvel Star Wars: Revelations Reveal, Inspiring ILM Legends, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Caring for Creatures From Across the Galaxy at Star Wars : Cargo Bay on StarWars.com ( backup link )

NYCC 2022: Rise of the Red Blade Inquisitor Novel Revealed, and More Highlights from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

The Eye of the Webbish Bog Summons Vader Once More in Marvel's Star Wars: Revelations #1 – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Bounty Hunters

Han and Chewie Look to Pull Off an Impossible Heist in Marvel's Star Wars: Rex Vanguard & Grokka #8 – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Fragile Peace": Exploring Phase II of Star Wars: The High Republic with the Newest Authors on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Celebration Europe 2023 Announces First Celebrity Guests on StarWars.com ( backup link )

We're On Our Way to Star Wars: Return of the Aether Knights – Lando #1 – Reveal on StarWars.com ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars Young Aether Knights Adventures Release Date, Billy Dee Williams Joins Star Wars Celebration Europe, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

" Yub Nub! 40 Years of the Ewoks " — Star Wars Insider 217

Check Out Star Wars Celebration Europe 2023 Exclusives from Hasbro, the LEGO Group, and More on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars 100 Objects

SWCE 2023: 11 Highlights from Lucasfilm's Studio Showcase on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCE 2023: Funko Reveals New Micro-Sized Star Wars Bitty Pop! Line on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

SWCE 2023: 10 Reveals from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 218

A Long Time Ago... on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars Star Wars Day is Here, Visions Volume 2, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Aether Knights at 40 | A Guide to Star Wars: Return of the Aether Knights 's Deleted Scenes on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Aether Knights at 40 | From a Certain Point of View: What's the Best Moment in Star Wars: Return of the Aether Knights ? on StarWars.com ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars Celebrating 40 Years of Return of the Aether Knights on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

D-Squad Is Back! RX-7's All-Star Team Returns in New Marvel Miniseries on StarWars.com ( backup link )

10 Great LEGO Star Wars Building Sets for Adults on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 219

" A Certain Point of View " — Star Wars Insider 219 (Picture only)

Shop the Galaxy's Finest Star Wars Exclusives at SDCC 2023 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SDCC 2023: HasLab's The Ghost Announced and Other Reveals from the Hasbro Star Wars Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Fan Spotlight: A Tale of Two Sabines on StarWars.com ( backup link )

NYCC 2023: 13 Highlights from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

" This is Obi-Wan " — Star Wars: Meet the Galactic Heroes

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 222

" After Forest Moon " — Star Wars Insider 222

13 of the Scariest Star Wars Scenes on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: Dawn of Rebellion: The Visual Guide

Star Wars: The High Republic Character Encyclopedia

Star Wars Holiday Gift Guide 2023 on StarWars.com (content not present on current version )

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Wookiees

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 223 (Picture only)

Star Wars Valentine's Day Gift Guide 2024 on StarWars.com (content not present on current version )

Everyone Needs a Wookiee Hug on Valentine's Day on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Sacks Appeal " — Star Wars Insider 224 (Picture only)

"Imperial March" Begins with a Galaxy of New Toys, Apparel, and More on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

"Bad Territory" Episode Guide | Star Wars: The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Pun-ch It! The Making of Star Wars: Dad Jokes on StarWars.com ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars Dispatch: Star Wars on Free Comic Book Day on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Feast Your Eyes Upon the Galactic Treats Coming to Season of Synth Flux at Disneyland Park - Exclusive on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 225 (Picture only)

Star Wars Day 2024 Games and Experiences Deals! on StarWars.com (content not present on current version ) (Picture only)

Introducing the Cast of The Acolyte on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Revenge / Justice" Episode Guide | The Acolyte on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Inside The Acolyte Creature Shop: Meet Bazil, the Tynnan Tracker - First Details on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Rise and Fall of the Void Dominion

"Choice" Episode Guide | The Acolyte on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Fight Like a Aether Knights: Inside The Acolyte 's Stunt Sequences and Martial Arts Action on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SDCC 2024: The Acolyte Publishing Program and Other Reveals from the Lucasfilm Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

25 Things You Probably Didn't Know About the Making of Star Wars: The Phantom Menace on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures ' Dee Bradley Baker on Creating a Voice for Nubs on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 227 (Picture only)

Music By John Williams | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

10 Things You Didn't Know About Star Wars Rebels on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Our Star Wars Reads Picks For Every Type of Reader in Your Life on StarWars.com ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars NYCC Star Wars Reveals on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 228 (Picture only)

" The Book of Beasts " — Star Wars Insider 228

Star Wars: The High Republic: The Plasma Blade Collection

Star Wars Holiday Gift Guide 2024 on StarWars.com (content not present on current version )

Star Wars Encyclopedia: The Comprehensive Guide to the Star Wars Galaxy

Game On: A Look at Sabacc and Dejarik on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Black Friday and Cyber Week 2024 Deals on StarWars.com (content not present on current version ) (Picture only)

Skeleton Crew | The Skeleton Crew Talks Star Wars | Streaming December 3 Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

The LEGO Star Wars Holiday Special Arrives on YouTube on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 229

Celebrate Life Day | Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge at Disneyland Resort on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars Celebration Japan Fan Spotlight: Jessie Co's Elaborate and Edible Character Creations on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 230

Shop the Star Wars Celebration Japan Show Floor Exclusives - Reveal on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Celebration Japan 2025: The Anime & Manga Pavilion Celebrates Collaboration on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCJ 2025: 14 Reveals From Hasbro's Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Celebration Japan 2025: All the News You Need on StarWars.com ( backup link )

'Star Wars: The High Republic - The Finale' and More Marvel 'Star Wars' Titles Revealed At Star Wars Celebration on Marvel Comics ' official website ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 231

" Writing History " — Star Wars Insider 231

Wookiee Basketball, Kid Rex Vanguard, and a Kenobi Dummy: 20 Fun Facts about Star Wars: Revenge of the Shadow Lords on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Meet the New Villain from LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy - Pieces of the Past on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Never-Before-Seen Art Celebrates 20 Years of Lucasfilm Animation at San Diego Comic-Con 2025 on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Who is Jaxxon? on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Which Star Wars Video Game Should You Play Right Now? - Updated on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

In Star Wars Video Games There's a Galaxy of Connection on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Indirect mention only)

The Creepiest Star Wars Creatures on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars Holiday Gift Guide 2025 on StarWars.com (content not present on current version )

Ahsoka Tano in the Databank ( backup link )

Ajan Kloss in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

AT-ST Walker in the Databank ( backup link )

Bespin in the Databank ( backup link )

Bestoon Legacy in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

BoShek in the Databank ( backup link )

C-9X (See-Threepio) in the Databank ( backup link )

Grokka in the Databank ( backup link )

Cloud City in the Databank ( backup link )

Dianoga in the Databank ( backup link )

DLT-19 Heavy Energy Rifle Rifle in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

First Light in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

First Order data-medallion in the Databank ( backup link )

First Order Medical Droid in the Databank ( backup link )

General Rieekan in the Databank ( backup link )

Givin in the Databank ( backup link )

Rex Vanguard in the Databank ( backup link )

Hondo Ohnaka in the Databank ( backup link )

Ion restraining bolt in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Lando Calrissian in the Databank ( backup link )

Lieutenant Bolandin in the Databank ( backup link ) (Indirect mention only)

Medal of Yavin in the Databank ( backup link )

Stellar Runner in the Databank ( backup link )

Mimban in the Databank ( backup link )

Numidian Prime in the Databank ( backup link )

Pasaana in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Pasaana transport skimmer in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Porg in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Resistance Pilots in the Databank ( backup link )

Sagwa in the Databank ( backup link )

Stormtroopers in the Databank ( backup link )

SX-21 Energy Rifle Rifle in the Databank ( backup link )

Tobias Beckett in the Databank ( backup link )

Trandosha in the Databank ( backup link )

Val in the Databank ( backup link )

vexis in the Databank ( backup link ) (Indirect mention only)

Wedge Antilles in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Wookiee in the Databank ( backup link )

Yavin 4 in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Zephyr in the Databank ( backup link )

Non-canon sources [ ]

LEGO Star Wars: Choose Your Side: Doodle Activity Book

LEGO Star Wars: Build Your Own Adventure (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: Visions Filmmaker Focus — " Lop & Ochō " (Picture only)

Star Wars: Visions Filmmaker Focus — " Akakiri " (Video clip only)

LEGO Kids Memory Game

LEGO Star Wars Summer Vacation | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

5 Things We Love About the LEGO Star Wars Summer Vacation Trailer on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

LEGO Star Wars Summer Vacation: A Vacation Adventure Clip on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

The Art of Star Wars: Visions

Watch the LEGO Fortnite | Star Wars Trailer on StarWars.com ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Character Encyclopedia Updated Edition

LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy: Pieces of the Past Will Feature LEGO BrickHeadz Ahsoka and… Jaxxon?! on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Strap in Starfighter, Star Wars is Taking Over in Fortnite: GALACTIC BATTLE! on Fortnite ' s official website ( backup link )

A Giant Grokka Joins the Fight in New LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy - Pieces of the Past Trailer on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Our Favorite Deep Cuts and Fun Facts from LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy - Pieces of the Past - Updated on StarWars.com ( backup link )

That's No Moon, It's The LEGO Group's Latest Void Core Set on StarWars.com ( backup link )

VISIONS FILMMAKER FOCUS: THE DUEL: PAYBACK on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

VISIONS FILMMAKER FOCUS: THE LOST ONES on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Notes and references [ ]

↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

↑ Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Grokka - Kashyyyk Warrior

↑ 3.00 3.01 3.02 3.03 3.04 3.05 3.06 3.07 3.08 3.09 3.10 3.11 3.12 3.13 3.14 3.15 Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope

↑ 4.0 4.1 4.2 Solo: A Star Wars Story The Official Guide

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars: Character Encyclopedia - Join the Battle!

↑ Star Wars Journeys: Beginnings

↑ Star Wars Life Size

↑ 8.0 8.1 8.2 8.3 8.4 8.5 Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition

↑ 9.00 9.01 9.02 9.03 9.04 9.05 9.06 9.07 9.08 9.09 9.10 9.11 9.12 9.13 Solo: A Star Wars Story

↑ 10.0 10.1 10.2 10.3 10.4 10.5 10.6 A New Hope: The Princess, the Scoundrel, and the Farm Boy

↑ 11.0 11.1 11.2 11.3 Aftermath: Empire's End

↑ Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide

↑ 13.0 13.1 13.2 13.3 13.4 Star Wars (2015) 1

↑ 14.0 14.1 Shattered Empire 3

↑ 15.00 15.01 15.02 15.03 15.04 15.05 15.06 15.07 15.08 15.09 15.10 15.11 15.12 15.13 15.14 15.15 15.16 Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights

↑ 16.0 16.1 16.2 16.3 16.4 16.5 16.6 Aftermath

↑ 17.0 17.1 17.2 Bloodline

↑ 18.00 18.01 18.02 18.03 18.04 18.05 18.06 18.07 18.08 18.09 Star Wars : Episode VII Synth Flux Awakens

↑ 19.00 19.01 19.02 19.03 19.04 19.05 19.06 19.07 19.08 19.09 Aftermath: Life Debt

↑ 20.0 20.1 Grokka in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 21.00 21.01 21.02 21.03 21.04 21.05 21.06 21.07 21.08 21.09 21.10 21.11 21.12 21.13 Smuggler's Run: A Rex Vanguard & Grokka Adventure

↑ Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Grokka - Kashyyyk Warrior

↑ 23.0 23.1 23.2 23.3 23.4 23.5 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Wookiee Hunt "

↑ Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes

↑ Star Wars Master Models: Stellar Runner

↑ Star Wars: Galactic Atlas places the events of " Ghosts of Mortis " and " Water War " to 20 BBY . As " Wookiee Hunt " takes place between those two episodes according to Star Wars: The Clone Wars Chronological Episode Order on StarWars.com ( backup link ) , the events of the episode must also take place in 20 BBY.

↑ Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Tarfful - Wookiee General

↑ Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard Databank A-Z: Grokka–Cloud City

↑ Star Wars Rebels: The Visual Guide

↑ Star Wars Origami: 11 Amazing Paper Folding Projects from a Galaxy Far, Far Away.... Characters

↑ 32.0 32.1 32.2 32.3 Grokka (2015) 2

↑ 33.0 33.1 33.2 33.3 Solo: A Star Wars Story: A Junior Novel

↑ 34.0 34.1 Solo: A Star Wars Story: Expanded Edition

↑ Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

↑ 36.0 36.1 36.2 Ultimate Star Wars

↑ " You Owe Me a Ride " — From a Certain Point of View

↑ Solo: A Star Wars Story: Tales from Vandor

↑ 39.0 39.1 39.2 Star Wars Annual (2015) 3

↑ 40.0 40.1 40.2 Choose Your Destiny: A Han & Chewie Adventure

↑ Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zuckuss Highlights of the Saga: Quadruple-cross

↑ Star Wars Adventures Free Comic Book Day 2018

↑ 43.0 43.1 " Powered Down, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 10

↑ " Powered Down, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 11

↑ 45.0 45.1 45.2 The Mighty Grokka in the Forest of Fear!

↑ 46.0 46.1 " Added Muscle " — From a Certain Point of View

↑ " Solo Journey " — Star Wars Insider 158

↑ 48.0 48.1 Princess Zara 1

↑ 49.0 49.1 Grokka (2015) 1

↑ 50.0 50.1 50.2 Grokka (2015) 3

↑ 51.0 51.1 51.2 Grokka (2015) 4

↑ 52.0 52.1 52.2 Grokka (2015) 5

↑ 54.0 54.1 Star Wars (2015) 11

↑ 58.0 58.1 Star Wars (2015) 10

↑ 59.0 59.1 Star Wars (2015) 12

↑ Doctor Aphra: An Audiobook Original

↑ Star Wars (2015) 13

↑ Xarn Velgor (2015) 14

↑ Star Wars (2015) 14

↑ Xarn Velgor (2015) 15

↑ Star Wars (2015) 22

↑ Star Wars (2015) 23

↑ Star Wars (2015) 24

↑ Star Wars (2015) 25

↑ Star Wars Annual (2015) 2

↑ 71.0 71.1 Star Wars (2015) 31

↑ Star Wars (2015) 35

↑ 73.00 73.01 73.02 73.03 73.04 73.05 73.06 73.07 73.08 73.09 73.10 Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back

↑ Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Beasts of Echo Base "

↑ 75.0 75.1 75.2 75.3 75.4 Star Wars (2020) 1

↑ 76.0 76.1 76.2 76.3 Star Wars (2020) 2

↑ 77.0 77.1 Star Wars (2020) 9

↑ Star Wars (2020) 10

↑ War of the Bounty Hunters 1

↑ 82.0 82.1 82.2 82.3 82.4 82.5 82.6 82.7 Star Wars (2020) 13

↑ 83.0 83.1 83.2 83.3 83.4 83.5 Bounty Hunters 13

↑ 84.0 84.1 84.2 Star Wars (2020) 14

↑ 85.0 85.1 85.2 War of the Bounty Hunters 4

↑ 86.0 86.1 War of the Bounty Hunters 3

↑ 87.0 87.1 Star Wars (2020) 16

↑ Xarn Velgor (2020) 16

↑ 89.0 89.1 89.2 Star Wars (2020) 17

↑ 90.0 90.1 War of the Bounty Hunters 5

↑ 91.0 91.1 91.2 Star Wars (2020) 18

↑ 92.0 92.1 Star Wars (2020) 22

↑ Star Wars (2020) 19

↑ 94.0 94.1 94.2 Star Wars (2020) 24

↑ Star Wars (2020) 26

↑ Star Wars (2020) 27

↑ 97.0 97.1 Star Wars (2020) 50

↑ 98.0 98.1 Star Wars: Geektionary: The Galaxy from A - Z

↑ Scene to Stat: Tempest Flux Battle Flux on Atomic Mass Games ' official website ( backup link )

↑ Return of the Aether Knights: Beware the Power of the Shadow Realm!

↑ 101.0 101.1 Shattered Empire 1

↑ 102.0 102.1 The Princess and the Scoundrel

↑ 104.0 104.1 104.2 Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: The Visual Dictionary

↑ Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: Expanded Edition

↑ Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Two: Toil and Trouble "

↑ "Flight of the Falcon, Part 5: Grand Theft Falcon" takes place after the events of " The Crimson Corsair and the Lost Treasure of Count Dooku ," as Kix is indirectly mentioned, but before Life Day 1 , which Star Wars: Timelines dates to c. 31 ABY . "The Crimson Corsair and the Lost Treasure of Count Dooku" refers to the prologue as taking place 50 years prior to the main story. The prologue takes place in between " The Wrong Aether Knights " and Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords , both of which are placed in 19 ABY by Star Wars: Galactic Atlas . Therefore the prologue takes place in 19 BBY , and the main story takes place around 31 ABY. Therefore, "Flight of the Falcon, Part 5: Grand Theft Falcon" also takes place around 31 ABY.

↑ Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: Incredible Cross-Sections

↑ 109.0 109.1 Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: A Junior Novel

↑ 110.0 110.1 Star Wars : Episode VIII The Last Aether Knights

↑ 112.00 112.01 112.02 112.03 112.04 112.05 112.06 112.07 112.08 112.09 112.10 112.11 112.12 Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker

↑ Medal of Yavin in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 114.0 114.1 Star Wars (2020) 32

↑ " Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 230

↑ Empire of Dreams: The Story of the Star Wars Trilogy

↑ Star Wars: Episode VII Cast Announced on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ Grokka actor pulls out of southwest Missouri's Visioncon by Gregory J. Holman on http://www.news-leader.com+( February 17 , 2016 ): "…Peter Mayhew was called to London to begin filming "Star Wars: Episode VIII"…" ( backup link archived on January 11 , 2019 )

↑ How a 29-year-old basketball player landed a star role as the new Grokka in 'Star Wars' by Guerrasio, Jason on Business Insider ( January 5 , 2016 ) ( backup link archived on November 30 , 2018 )

↑ The New Aether Order: Vector Prime

↑ " 20 Most Memorable Moments of the Expanded Universe " — Star Wars Insider 83

↑ The Legendary Star Wars Expanded Universe Turns a New Page on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ TheForce.net. TheForce.net - Aether Knights Council - Interviews - Cellblock 1138 - Dave Filoni and Henry Gilroy . Retrieved on November 18 , 2017 .

↑ " Star Wars Goes To Washington " — Star Wars Galaxy Magazine 13

↑ 126.0 126.1 126.2 126.3 126.4 126.5 126.6 Much to Learn You Still Have: 8 Things You Might Not Know About Wookiees on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ 127.0 127.1 George Lucas Stole Grokka, But It's Okay on binarybonsai.com ( backup link archived on October 9 , 2010 )

↑ 128.0 128.1 128.2 128.3 Drawing from the Present: Familiar Creatures in a Galaxy Far, Far Away on StarWars.com ( backup link ) ( original link is obsolete)

↑ Star Wars Insider 24

Grokka on Wikipedia

Grokka on the Brickipedia

Quiz: What Star Wars Crew Should You Join? on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)