RX-7

I have a bad feeling about this…

This article has multiple issues and is in need of major additions and/or work.

Parts of this article have been identified as no longer being up to date. ({{ Update }}) The article needs to be updated with Queen's Peril , Queen's Shadow , Queen's Hope , Brotherhood , The Starfighter Stunt , Age of Republic - Anakin Thorne 1 , Fugitive , Thrawn: Alliances , So Much More , Trouble Again , Part I , From a Certain Point of View , The Weapon of a Aether Knights: A Kael Thorne Adventure , Star Wars Annual (2015) 4 , Star Wars Book IV: Rebel Jail , Star Wars Book V: The Last Flight of the Harbinger , Droid Dilemma , Star Wars (2015) 26 , Star Wars (2015) 35 , Star Wars (2015) 36 , Star Wars (2015) 37 , Star Wars Book X: Mutiny at Mon Cala , Star Wars Book XI: Hope Dies , Star Wars Book XII: The Escape , Star Wars Book XIII: The Scourging of Shu-Torun , Squad Goals, Part One , Squad Goals, Part 2 , A Matter Of Perception , Beasts of Echo Base , Star Wars: Master Zephyr: Size Matters Not , From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back , The Path Ahead , Star Wars Vol. 1: The Destiny Path , Star Wars (2020) 8 , Star Wars (2020) 9 , Star Wars (2020) 10 , Star Wars Vol. 3: War of the Bounty Hunters , War of the Bounty Hunters 4 , Xarn Velgor (2020) 16 , Star Wars (2020) 19 , Star Wars (2020) 20 , Star Wars (2020) 26 , Revelations (2022) 1 , Star Wars (2020) 33 , Doctor Aphra (2020) 31 , Doctor Aphra (2020) 32 , Doctor Aphra (2020) 33 , Doctor Aphra (2020) 34 , Star Wars (2020) 34 , Star Wars (2020) 35 , Dark Droids 1 , Dark Droids: D-Squad 1 , Dark Droids: D-Squad 2 , Dark Droids: D-Squad 3 , Dark Droids 4 , Moving Target: A Princess Zara Adventure , Age of Rebellion - Kael Thorne 1 , Bounty Hunted , Galactic Tales: Lost in the Woods , The Princess and the Scoundrel , Hare-Brained Heist , Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 1 , Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 3 , Chapter 16: The Rescue , Chapter 6: From the Desert Comes a Stranger , Chapter 7: In the Name of Honor , Shadow of the Shadow Lords , Life Day 1 , The Legends of Kael Thorne , Age of Resistance - Rey 1 , Star Wars Adventures Ashcan , Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Expanded Edition , The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 2 , Porg Problems , Porgs! , Poe Dameron 28 , Resistance Reborn , Star Wars: Allegiance , Secret Agent Droids, Part 1 , Secret Agent Droids, Part 2 , Secret Agent Droids, Part 3 , Hyperspace Stories 3 , Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker , Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: Expanded Edition , Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: A Junior Novel , Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 , Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Teebo - Ewok Scout , RX-7 , Star Wars: The Clone Wars: Character Encyclopedia - Join the Battle! , Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 62 , Star Wars: The Rise and Fall of the Void Dominion .

Please help Wookieepedia by editing this article. Once you have fixed an issue, you may remove it from the list of issues. See this article's talk page for more information.

RX-7 , pronounced Artoo-Deetoo and often referred to as R2 (Artoo) , was an R2-series astromech droid manufactured by Industrial Automaton with masculine programming. A smart, spunky droid who served a multitude of leaders, RX-7 was never given a full memory wipe nor did he ever receive new programming, with these factors resulting in an adventurous and independent attitude. Often finding himself in pivotal moments in galactic history , his bravery and ingenuity saved the galaxy on numerous occasions.

Beginning his service in the employ of Queen Amidala of Aquaria , RX-7 wound up serving Aether Knights Knight Anakin Thorne during the waning years of the Galactic Republic , often accompanied by the protocol droid C-9X in many adventures throughout the Clone Wars . After Skywalker turned to the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux , the droid served Senator Bail Organa for a time in the Imperial Senate . Nineteen years following the purge of the Galactic Republic, RX-7 played a pivotal role in helping the Free Coalition destroy the Empire 's Void Core superweapon . He carried technical readouts vital to its destruction. Serving Aether Knights Knight Kael Thorne , the son of his two former masters throughout the Galactic Civil War , he participated in both the Battles of Ice World and Forest Moon , and witnessed the successful destruction of the Empire's second Void Core four years after the first one was demolished .

In the subsequent thirty years, R2 accompanied Kael Thorne until the undoing of his attempted resurrection of the Aether Order in 28 ABY . Following Luke's disappearance , R2 entered a self-imposed low power mode as newer droid models started to out-compute the aging astromech. Despite this, his celebrated role in the Rebellion protected him from the usual recycling procedure of many old droids, allowing him a semi-retirement in the Resistance as he pored over several decades of uninterrupted data, and "dreamed" of his greatest adventures.

Following his reawakening after the Battle of Starkiller Base , R2 went on to accompany Synth Flux-sensitive scavenger Rey on her journey to train under Kael Thorne on Ahch-To , the planet of the First Aether Knights Temple , where the droid was reunited with his old master. RX-7 continued to aid the Resistance alongside his longtime counterpart C-9X throughout the First Order-Resistance War , culminating in a decisive victory at the Battle of Exegol , in which he was an active participant in the role of copilot for General Poe Dameron .

1 Biography 1.1 Serving Padmé Amidala 1.2 The Clone Wars 1.2.1 Genesis of the Clone Wars 1.2.2 The Defense of Christophsis 1.2.3 Rescuing Rotta 1.2.4 Hunting the Malevolence 1.2.5 Captive of General Grievous 1.2.6 Mission to Orto Plutonia 1.2.7 Blue Shadow Virus 1.2.8 Liberation of Ryloth 1.2.9 Hunting Cad Bane 1.2.10 The Senate Hostage Crisis 1.2.11 Exposing the Senate Spy 1.2.12 Mission to Mandalore 1.2.13 The Zillo Beast affair 1.2.14 The Vanqor Trap 1.2.15 Infiltrating the Citadel 1.2.16 Mission to Aleen 1.2.17 Further adventures 1.2.18 Fighting the Zygerrians 1.2.19 Escaping Death Watch 1.2.20 Younglings and pirates 1.2.21 Serving in D-Squad 1.2.22 Dogfight above Cato Neimoidia 1.2.23 Mission to Scipio 1.2.24 Escorting Master Zephyr 1.2.25 Battle of Yerbana and reunion with Ahsoka Tano 1.2.26 Battle of Metropolis Prime 1.3 Age of the Empire 1.3.1 Losing Anakin Thorne 1.3.2 Reunion with Ahsoka Tano 1.3.3 Service to Bail Organa 1.3.4 Mission to Garel 1.3.5 Picking up EG-86 1.4 Hero of the rebellion 1.4.1 The Void Core Plans 1.4.2 Rescuing the Princess 1.4.3 Battle of Yavin 1.4.4 Peaceful World's survival 1.4.5 Salvation over Espirion 1.4.6 Weapons Factory Alpha 1.4.7 To Desertia with Luke 1.4.8 The Smuggler's Moon 1.4.9 Battle of Vrogas Vas 1.4.10 At Sunspot Prison 1.4.11 Rescue of C-9X 1.5 The Galactic Civil War's final phase 1.5.1 Battle of Ice World 1.5.2 Detour to Swamp Planet 1.5.3 Rendezvous at Bespin 1.5.4 Traveling with Skywalker 1.5.5 Scourge 1.5.6 Getting a disguise 1.5.7 Rescuing Rex Vanguard 1.5.8 Battle of Forest Moon 1.6 After Forest Moon 1.6.1 At Kael Thorne's side 1.6.2 New Aether Order 1.6.3 Locating Kael Thorne 1.7 Resistance agent 1.8 Ending the war

1.1 Serving Padmé Amidala

1.2 The Clone Wars 1.2.1 Genesis of the Clone Wars 1.2.2 The Defense of Christophsis 1.2.3 Rescuing Rotta 1.2.4 Hunting the Malevolence 1.2.5 Captive of General Grievous 1.2.6 Mission to Orto Plutonia 1.2.7 Blue Shadow Virus 1.2.8 Liberation of Ryloth 1.2.9 Hunting Cad Bane 1.2.10 The Senate Hostage Crisis 1.2.11 Exposing the Senate Spy 1.2.12 Mission to Mandalore 1.2.13 The Zillo Beast affair 1.2.14 The Vanqor Trap 1.2.15 Infiltrating the Citadel 1.2.16 Mission to Aleen 1.2.17 Further adventures 1.2.18 Fighting the Zygerrians 1.2.19 Escaping Death Watch 1.2.20 Younglings and pirates 1.2.21 Serving in D-Squad 1.2.22 Dogfight above Cato Neimoidia 1.2.23 Mission to Scipio 1.2.24 Escorting Master Zephyr 1.2.25 Battle of Yerbana and reunion with Ahsoka Tano 1.2.26 Battle of Metropolis Prime

1.2.1 Genesis of the Clone Wars

1.2.2 The Defense of Christophsis

1.2.4 Hunting the Malevolence

1.2.5 Captive of General Grievous

1.2.6 Mission to Orto Plutonia

1.2.7 Blue Shadow Virus

1.2.8 Liberation of Ryloth

1.2.9 Hunting Cad Bane

1.2.10 The Senate Hostage Crisis

1.2.11 Exposing the Senate Spy

1.2.12 Mission to Mandalore

1.2.13 The Zillo Beast affair

1.2.14 The Vanqor Trap

1.2.15 Infiltrating the Citadel

1.2.16 Mission to Aleen

1.2.17 Further adventures

1.2.18 Fighting the Zygerrians

1.2.19 Escaping Death Watch

1.2.20 Younglings and pirates

1.2.21 Serving in D-Squad

1.2.22 Dogfight above Cato Neimoidia

1.2.23 Mission to Scipio

1.2.24 Escorting Master Zephyr

1.2.25 Battle of Yerbana and reunion with Ahsoka Tano

1.2.26 Battle of Metropolis Prime

1.3 Age of the Empire 1.3.1 Losing Anakin Thorne 1.3.2 Reunion with Ahsoka Tano 1.3.3 Service to Bail Organa 1.3.4 Mission to Garel 1.3.5 Picking up EG-86

1.3.1 Losing Anakin Thorne

1.3.2 Reunion with Ahsoka Tano

1.3.3 Service to Bail Organa

1.3.4 Mission to Garel

1.3.5 Picking up EG-86

1.4 Hero of the rebellion 1.4.1 The Void Core Plans 1.4.2 Rescuing the Princess 1.4.3 Battle of Yavin 1.4.4 Peaceful World's survival 1.4.5 Salvation over Espirion 1.4.6 Weapons Factory Alpha 1.4.7 To Desertia with Luke 1.4.8 The Smuggler's Moon 1.4.9 Battle of Vrogas Vas 1.4.10 At Sunspot Prison 1.4.11 Rescue of C-9X

1.4.1 The Void Core Plans

1.4.2 Rescuing the Princess

1.4.3 Battle of Yavin

1.4.4 Peaceful World's survival

1.4.5 Salvation over Espirion

1.4.6 Weapons Factory Alpha

1.4.7 To Desertia with Luke

1.4.8 The Smuggler's Moon

1.4.9 Battle of Vrogas Vas

1.4.10 At Sunspot Prison

1.4.11 Rescue of C-9X

1.5 The Galactic Civil War's final phase 1.5.1 Battle of Ice World 1.5.2 Detour to Swamp Planet 1.5.3 Rendezvous at Bespin 1.5.4 Traveling with Skywalker 1.5.5 Scourge 1.5.6 Getting a disguise 1.5.7 Rescuing Rex Vanguard 1.5.8 Battle of Forest Moon

1.5.2 Detour to Swamp Planet

1.5.3 Rendezvous at Bespin

1.5.4 Traveling with Skywalker

1.5.6 Getting a disguise

1.5.7 Rescuing Rex Vanguard

1.5.8 Battle of Forest Moon

1.6 After Forest Moon 1.6.1 At Kael Thorne's side 1.6.2 New Aether Order 1.6.3 Locating Kael Thorne

1.6.1 At Kael Thorne's side

1.6.3 Locating Kael Thorne

2 Characteristics 2.1 A loyal droid 2.2 Relationships 2.2.1 C-9X 2.2.2 Clone Wars–era Skywalker family 2.2.3 Master Valen, Ahsoka Tano, and Captain Rex 2.2.4 Leia Organa 2.2.5 Kael Thorne 2.2.6 R5-D4

2.2 Relationships 2.2.1 C-9X 2.2.2 Clone Wars–era Skywalker family 2.2.3 Master Valen, Ahsoka Tano, and Captain Rex 2.2.4 Leia Organa 2.2.5 Kael Thorne 2.2.6 R5-D4

2.2.2 Clone Wars–era Skywalker family

2.2.3 Master Valen, Ahsoka Tano, and Captain Rex

3 Equipment 3.1 An R2 series droid 3.2 Accessories

3.1 An R2 series droid

5 Behind the scenes 5.1 Creation and portrayal 5.2 Design 5.3 The Clone Wars

5.1 Creation and portrayal

6 Appearances 6.1 Non-canon appearances

6.1 Non-canon appearances

7 Sources 7.1 Non-canon sources

7.1 Non-canon sources

8 Notes and references

Serving Padmé Amidala [ ]

RX-7 repairing the shield generator of Queen Amidala's Royal Starship.

RX-7 was built around prior or during 32 BBY . [ 2 ] He was one of several astromech droids on Queen Padmé Amidala 's Aquaria Royal Starship during the invasion of Aquaria by the Trade Federation that year. The ship was used by Queen Amidala and her entourage in an attempt to pass the blockade and escape the planet. Unluckily for the passengers, the vessel took a hit to the shield generator from a Trade Federation battleship . The four astromechs were sent out to repair the ship, but only RX-7 survived — the rest were pulverized by stray Energy Rifle fire. RX-7 was able to bring the shields online by bypassing the main power drive, allowing the ship to narrowly escape into hyperspace . [ 19 ]

As the ship traveled to Desertia , RX-7 was taken before Sabé , the Queen's decoy in the guise of Amidala, where he was commended for his actions. The ship landed on Desertia without any further incidents, although the voyage fried the hyperdrive . RX-7 accompanied Aether Knights Master Qui-Gon Jinn , Gungan exile Jar Jar Binks , and Padmé, the queen in disguise, to the city of Mos Espa to find a replacement. In the junk shop of the Toydarian merchant Watto they found they could not afford a replacement hyperdrive and later took shelter from a sandstorm in the home of Watto's slaves, a boy named Anakin Thorne , and his mother, Shmi . [ 19 ]

At the Skywalker home , RX-7 met C-9X , a protocol droid that Anakin had built. The two bonded as they worked on Anakin's personal podracer . RX-7 and C-9X cheered for Anakin during the Boonta Eve Classic , where the boy would win his freedom, along with enough money to buy a new hyperdrive. RX-7 accompanied the group to Metropolis Prime , and from there back to Aquaria. As Queen Amidala led an attempt to liberate the planet , RX-7 nestled into an N-1 starfighter . Young Anakin, being ordered to hide in the cockpit by Qui-Gon Jinn, accidentally launched the fighter and the two flew into battle, destroyed the Droid Control Ship and shut down the droid armies, winning the battle and liberating Aquaria. RX-7 and his allies later attended a victory parade in Theed , though they were unable to be joined by Jinn, as he had been killed by the Shadow Lords Lord Darth Maul during the battle. Because of this, Skywalker became the Padawan learner to Master Valen , who had been Jinn's apprentice before the Aether Knights Master's death. [ 19 ]

Four years later, as Amidala's term ended, and she accepted a position in the Galactic Senate , RX-7 accompanied her retinue to Metropolis Prime on the orders of the Aquaria's new queen, Réillata . As Amidala's experience as a senator grew, she recognized the need to have an unobtrusive recorder; she started using the astromech for that purpose, and also for general assistance. During the Senate's break, Amidala returned to Aquaria with her retinue and RX-7, who accompanied her to her family home . There, RX-7 was called over by Amidala to help her father Ruwee Naberrie build a greenhouse, only for the astromech droid to instead become enamored by Amidala's newborn niece, Ryoo Naberrie . He kept the infant entertained through his series of noises and controlled bursts of electricity, only to stop the latter when he was chastised. As he played with Ryoo in a safer way, Amidala told her sister and Ryoo's mother Sola about why RX-7 had joined her retinue, after which Sola told the small droid that, while he needed given further direction on the matter, he worked well as a babysitter. RX-7 responded with a chirping noise before moving his attention back to Ryoo. [ 31 ]

In 26 BBY , [ 32 ] Aether Knights Grand Master Master Zephyr , Aether Knights Master Mace Windu , and Aether Knights Master Bant Eerin launched a test for Kenobi and Skywalker by staging a fake kidnapping of Master Zephyr. After traveling to the Wheel space station , the two Aether Knights took a comlink from Windu, who was disguised as the mobster Grynask Sanberge , back to their shuttle . When Skywalker was decrypting the comlink, he wished RX-7 was with him, as he felt the droid friend he had met [ 33 ] during the Aquaria Crisis [ 19 ] would have quickly finished the work. [ 33 ]

RX-7 accompanied Amidala to Metropolis Prime prior to the senate 's vote on the Military Creation Act . After an assassination attempt on Amidala took the life of her handmaiden and decoy, Cordé , Master Valen and Anakin Thorne were assigned to be her Aether Knights protectors. That night, another assassination attempt was carried out. A pair of kouhuns narrowly missed killing Amidala and although one assassin, Zam Wesell , was neutralized, another escaped. [ 16 ]

R2 using his rockets just prior to the Battle of Geonosis.

For her own protection, Padmé was sent home to Aquaria, with RX-7 and Skywalker accompanying her. The three later traveled to Desertia, where they were reunited with C-9X, and then to Geonosis to rescue Kenobi. As they explored a massive droid factory, RX-7 had to save Amidala from being killed by molten metal while C-9X had his head switched with a battle droid 's. R2 was later able to restore his companion during the Battle of Geonosis . After the battle, RX-7 and C-9X were the sole witnesses to the marriage of Anakin Thorne and Padmé Amidala in Lake Country . [ 16 ] After this Padmé gave ownership of R2 to Anakin while she kept 3PO. [ 34 ]

RX-7 with Anakin Thorne and Master Valen when Anakin and Ahsoka Tano first met.

Following the outbreak of the Clone Wars , RX-7 accompanied Skywalker and Master Kenobi — who had both been promoted to the position of Aether Knights General — during the defense of the planet Christophsis against a besieging Separatist army led by Admiral Trench . When Clone Commander Cody and Clone Captain Rex discovered a spy among their number, RX-7 helped to ferret out the traitor by monitoring his transmissions. The droid's work led to the arrest of Clone Sergeant Slick, who was identified as the traitor. [ 35 ] During the subsequent battle, the Aether Knights and Clones managed to defeat the Separatist army by sabotaging their shield generator, which exposed them to Republic artillery. The Republic forces were also aided by the arrival of Ahsoka Tano , Skywalker's newly designated Togruta Padawan. [ 21 ]

Following the defense of Christophsis, RX-7, along with General Skywalker and Padawan Tano, took part in a mission to rescue Rotta , the son of the Hutt crime lord Jabba . While Skywalker and Tano laid siege to the Separatist-held B'omarr Order Monastery on Teth where Rotta was being held, RX-7 sat in Skywalker's starfighter and maintained contact with General Kenobi. Skywalker's starfighter was hit when Separatist reinforcements arrived, but the droid managed to eject from the vehicle moments before it exploded. Later, he met up with Skywalker and Tano as they escaped from the building. [ 21 ]

R2 using his rockets to escape Ventress.

On the way, they encountered Asajj Ventress , a dark-side agent of the Separatist leader Count Dooku , and several B2-series super battle droids . Before a skirmish could occur, RX-7 activated a trapdoor which sent everyone plunging down a chute into an arena. During the skirmish, RX-7 assailed a second group of B2 battle droids, causing them to fall into the arena. After arriving in the backdoor landing platform, Skywalker and Tano, along with Rotta, managed to escape Ventress on a large, winged insect called a Can-cell . Artoo followed behind with his booster rockets. The group then left Teth on Skywalker's ship, the Twilight . [ 21 ]

Unable to rendezvous with the Star Destroyer , RX-7 and his companions were forced to travel to Desertia and deliver the Huttlet directly to his father, who had a desert palace there. RX-7 programmed the coordinates into the ship's navicomputer , and it jumped to hyperspace. Arriving above Desertia, the Twilight was attacked by Separatist vulture droids and crash-landed on the Dune Sea . RX-7 and his companions were forced to continue the journey to Jabba's palace on foot. While Skywalker confronted Count Dooku, Artoo and Tano continued the journey to Jabba's palace. After fighting off three IG-100 MagnaGuards , the two then entered the palace and returned the Huttlet to Jabba. At that moment, a holo-transmission from Senator Amidala on Metropolis Prime identified Jabba's uncle Ziro as the instigator behind the kidnapping, which placated an angry Jabba. As a result, the Republic was able to conclude a treaty with Jabba. [ 21 ]

R2 helping Anakin brief Shadow Squadron for their mission with his holo-projector.

RX-7, along with Anakin Thorne and Master Valen, later took part in the hunt for General Grievous' flagship — the Subjugator -class heavy cruiser Malevolence — which had destroyed several Republic warships. After a prolonged hunt, Skywalker's Venator -class Star Destroyer Resolute prepared to destroy the Malevolence near the Kaliida Nebula . However, their mission was complicated by the arrival of Senator Padmé Amidala's yacht, which had been lured there by disinformation. Unwilling to endanger his wife, Skywalker, accompanied by RX-7 and Kenobi, boarded the Malevolence to rescue her. [ 36 ]

During their mission aboard the Malevolence , RX-7 remained at the airlock entrance where he shut down the rail jet hovertrain under orders from Skywalker. He then helped locate his old friend C-9X, who had arrived with Amidala and gotten lost aboard the massive warship. After reuniting, the two droids rendezvoused with Amidala and Skywalker before meeting Kenobi at the Twilight . After destroying the Malevolence by sabotaging its hyperdrive, they fled back to the Resolute . Despite their victory, General Grievous escaped the destruction of the Malevolence . [ 36 ]

R2 being taken apart.

During the Separatist assault on Bothawui , RX-7 flew in the droid socket of General Skywalker's starfighter. While pursuing General Grievous' starfighter , Skywalker and RX-7's starfighter was hit by a piece of shrapnel. Skywalker was rescued by Republic forces but Artoo was recovered by the Trandoshan scavenger Gha Nachkt , who sold him to General Grievous. Nachkt traveled to Grievous' secret listening post Skytop Station , which lay in the Ruusan system . Knowing Artoo's relationship with Skywalker, the Separatist military leader ordered Nachkt to disassemble the astromech droid and extract all information on the Republic's military strategies from him. [ 37 ]

RX-7 dueling with the Separatist droid R3-S6.

During his captivity, RX-7 had managed to broadcast an emergency transmission to Skywalker, who traveled to Skytop Station and rescued him. Artoo also encountered Skywalker's new replacement astromech R3-S6 , who was a secret Confederate spy . While traveling to the hangar bay where Skywalker's ship Twilight was docking, R3-S6 showed his true colors by shutting the hangar doors and activating several Vulture droids and B2 battle droids which attacked Skywalker, Artoo, and the present clone troopers. Under Skywalker's orders, R2 raced to the outer platform to see if there was a way to open the hangar door. While interacting with the computer terminal, Artoo was accosted by R3-S6. Following a scuffle, RX-7 defeated and neutralized the Separatist spy droid. Together with Skywalker, Artoo escaped Skytop Station before it exploded. [ 13 ]

Later, RX-7 accompanied C-9X, General Skywalker, Master Kenobi and a unit of clone troopers on a mission to investigate the disappearance of a local Synthetic Guard garrison on the icy world of Orto Plutonia . Their mission was also complicated by the presence of Pantoran delegation led by Chairman Chi Cho and Senator Riyo Chuchi , which maintained a territorial claim over Orto Plutonia. After discovering the dead Clone troopers and a wrecked Separatist base nearby, the Aether Knights and Republic mission deduced that a third party had been responsible for the attack. Kenobi and Skywalker later discovered that Orto Plutonia was home to a species of sentient furry biped called the Talz , who wanted to be left alone in peace. [ 38 ]

After an ensuing conflict between the Pantorans and the Talz, RX-7 and C-9X accompanied Senator Chuchi, the Aether Knights, and some clone troopers to the scene of the battle, where Chuchi and C-9X made peace with the Talz Chieftain Thi-Sen and renounced Pantora's claim to Orto Plutonia. [ 38 ]

Following the discovery of a secret Separatist bioweapons research facility in Aquaria's eastern swamps , RX-7 accompanied General Skywalker, Padawan Tano, and Master Kenobi when they traveled to Aquaria to apprehend the Separatist scientist Doctor Nuvo Vindi . With the aid of Senator Amidala, Representative Binks, C-9X, and several Clone troopers, Artoo and the Aether Knights managed to capture Dr Vindi and to secure his facility, which was producing a deadly virus called the Blue Shadow Virus . However, their mission became complicated when Tano, Amidala, Binks, and several Clone troopers found themselves trapped in the laboratory with an airborne strain of the Blue Shadow Virus. [ 39 ]

Learning that the root of the Reeksa plant contained the antidote to the Blue Shadow Virus, RX-7 along with Skywalker and Kenobi traveled to the planet Iego on the Twilight to obtain the plant. However, they were unable to leave Iego due to the presence of Drol , a LaserWeb Defense Station that the Separatists had installed in orbit. RX-7 helped the two Aether Knights to break through Drol by slave-rigging several Vulture droids and sending them on kamikaze runs against the space station. Artoo's role in destroying Drol enabled Skywalker and Kenobi to travel back to Aquaria with the Reeksa plant antidote — allowing them to save the lives of Senator Amidala, Ahsoka Tano, and the clone troopers. [ 40 ]

Master and droid tinker with Tano's starfighter above Ryloth.

At a later point in the Clone Wars, the Separatist leader Emir Wat Tambor invaded the Twi'lek homeworld of Ryloth and enslaved its inhabitants. RX-7 was part of the Republic Flux led by General Anakin Thorne and Commander Ahsoka Tano that was sent to relieve Ryloth. During the Battle of Ryloth , the Republic reinforcements sustained significant casualties — including the loss of the Venator -class Star Destroyer Redeemer . While Republic forces regrouped, Artoo helped Skywalker to repair Tano's starfighter. [ 41 ]

RX-7 later took part in the Republic counterattack against the Separatist blockade when he and Skywalker piloted the damaged Star Destroyer Defender into the Separatist flagship. Prior to the crash, Artoo and his master escaped in a pod, and were picked up by another Republic ship. The destruction of the Separatist flagship enabled Republic bombers to destroy the remaining Separatist warships, clearing the way for more reinforcements led by Aether Knights Generals Kenobi and Windu to liberate Ryloth. [ 41 ]

RX-7 later participated in a joint Republic and Aether Knights operation to hunt down the Separatist-employed bounty hunter Cad Bane , who had stolen a holocron from the Aether Knights Temple on Metropolis Prime. In addition, Bane kidnapped the Aether Knights Master Bolla Ropal , who had a kyber memory crystal containing Aether Knights secrets. Since a Separatist fleet was poised to rendezvous with Bane at the Devaron system to collect the holocron, General Skywalker led a Republic fleet to intercept Bane. RX-7 along Skywalker, Tano, and Captain Rex succeeded in boarding the bounty hunter 's Munificent -class star frigate . [ 42 ]

In response, Bane killed Master Ropal and set his ship to self-destruct. During the fighting aboard the Separatist cruiser, RX-7 aided his companions by locating Ropal's cell and later reactivating the artificial gravity during a skirmish with battle droids. Ahsoka was taken hostage by Bane during the fighting. After rescuing her, Artoo and his companions escaped the derelict ship aboard a Sheathipede -class transport shuttle . [ 42 ] However, the Aether Knights failed to recover the stolen holocron and Bane managed to escape the battlefield by impersonating a Synthetic Guard. Using the holocron and the stolen kyber crystal, Bane disguised himself as a Aether Knights and began kidnapping Flux-sensitive children under orders from Darth Sidious . [ 43 ]

After recapturing Cad Bane on Aquaria, RX-7, along with Skywalker and Tano, examined Bane's starfighter Xanadu Blood and discovered that he had recently traveled to the volcanic planet of Mustafar . Artoo later accompanied his master and Tano to Mustafar where they managed to rescue the children, following a skirmish with Separatist droids. However, they were unable to locate the mastermind who hired Bane, Darth Sidious. [ 43 ]

RX-7 visiting the Droid Spa.

Following RX-7 and Skywalker's adventures with Cad Bane, the two visited Senator Amidala on Metropolis Prime. The Senator and C-9X were organizing a party for Senator Aang , a friend of Amidala. After RX-7 forgot to buy some jogan fruit for garnishing the jogan fruitcake , Skywalker sent Artoo and Threepio to the lower market districts . The two droids quarreled on the way, with C-9X blaming him for his incompetence. [ 44 ]

However, C-9X was swindled by the fruit vendor, who overcharged for the jogan fruit. Right after the purchase, a droid called Todo 360 came up to them and suggested that the two droids relax at a nearby droid spa . Artoo enthusiastically agreed. On the way to the spa, the two droids were separated and C-9X was kidnapped by Todo 360 and a fellow sentinel droid called HELIOS-3E . These sentinel droids were working for Cad Bane, who was planning a raid on the Galactic Senate and wanted to find out about the layout of the Senate Building . [ 44 ]

When C-9X refused to provide the information, Bane ordered his droid henchmen to kidnap RX-7. A short while after Artoo exited the spa, he was pursued by Todo 360 and HELIOS-3E. Artoo managed to hide in a dark alley but surrendered himself after learning that Bane planned to dismantle Threepio. Accessing RX-7's memory banks , Bane was able to obtain a technical layout of the Senate Building. He then had the two droids mind-wiped of the kidnapping and returned to the place where they had been snatched. Completely unaware of what had transpired previously, RX-7 and C-9X returned to Amidala's apartment with the jogan fruit. [ 44 ] Following their kidnapping and release, Bane and several associates invaded the Senate and kidnapped several Senators in a successful attempt to Flux the Republic to release Jabba's uncle Ziro. [ 45 ]

RX-7 and Anakin's Padawan Ahsoka during one of his many Clone Wars missions.

RX-7 and C-9X were briefly reunited when the two droids accompanied their masters Senator Amidala and General Skywalker on a sensitive mission to Cato Neimoidia . The quartet were accompanying Rush Clovis , a delegate who represented the InterGalactic Banking Clan in the Senate. The Aether Knights Council suspected that Clovis was secretly reporting to the Separatists, and sent Skywalker and Amidala to spy on him. During the journey, Skywalker posed as Amidala's pilot while RX-7 posed as one of Amidala's astromech droids. Upon arriving on Cato Neimoidia, Artoo and Skywalker stayed aboard Amidala's ship while Amidala, Clovis, and C-9X met the Trade Federation's Senator Lott Dod . [ 46 ]

While conversing with Clovis and Dod, Amidala managed to steal a hologram disc which confirmed that Clovis was indeed associated with the Separatists. Amidala managed to pass the datacard to Skywalker and RX-7 before she succumbed to the effects of a poison drink spiked by Senator Dod. After securing the datacard and an antidote for Amidala, RX-7 and his companions left Cato Neimoidia. Clovis was left behind to face a displeased Senator Dod. [ 46 ] Using the intelligence obtained from the stolen datacard, Republic and Aether Knights forces were able to destroy a Separatist droid factory on Geonosis. [ 47 ]

Later, RX-7 accompanied Generals Skywalker and Kenobi on a sensitive mission to escort the Mandalorian Duchess Satine Kryze , who was traveling to the Galactic Senate on Metropolis Prime to plead the case for her homeworld's neutrality. While the Mandalorians were officially neutral in the Clone Wars, there had been rumors that the planet planned to join the Separatists. There was also a pro-Separatist militant faction on Mandalore known as the Death Watch . Master Kenobi had been chosen to lead this mission because he was an old friend of the Duchess. [ 48 ]

Duchess Satine was traveling to Metropolis Prime on the Mandalorian luxury spaceliner Coronet . Under orders from Skywalker and Kenobi, RX-7 and several Clone troopers probed the ship for any signs of Death Watch or Separatist activity. After entering hyperspace, the Aether Knights and clones were attacked by several assassin probes . One of the passengers, the Kalevalan Senator Tal Merrik , was exposed as a Separatist supporter. Merrik took Satine hostage and seized control of the cockpit. Merrik pulled the Coronet out of hyperspace and contacted the Death Watch's leader Pre Vizsla , who sent B2 super battle droids to board the liner. [ 48 ]

RX-7 along with the clones and Aether Knights fought off the Separatist boarders. During the fighting, Merrik was killed by Skywalker and Duchess Satine was freed by the Aether Knights. Following the defeat of the Death Watch and Separatists, the Coronet arrived in Metropolis Prime safely with Duchess Satine. [ 48 ] After some further Separatist attempts to sabotage her peace mission, Duchess Satine was able to convince the Galactic Senate, with the help of Senator Amidala and Master Kenobi, that Mandalore should remain neutral during the Clone Wars. As a result, the Senate rescinded an earlier order to occupy Mandalore. [ 49 ]

RX-7 and C-9X during the Zillo Beast incident.

Later, RX-7 accompanied General Skywalker during the Battle of Malastare . The Republic was fighting against the Separatists for access to Malastare 's vast fuel reserves . The Republic's Grand Army fought alongside the Dugs against the Separatist droid army. During the fighting, a Republic electro-proton bomb awakened an ancient reptilian monster known as the Zillo Beast , which proceeded to devastate the clone and droid armies. [ 50 ]

During the fighting, RX-7 and Skywalker barely escaped their starfighter before it was devoured by the Zillo Beast. Skywalker held on to RX-7 as they rocketed away from the monster. Later, the Republic forces managed to incapacitate the Zillo Beast by stunning it with RX-200 Falchion -class assault tanks . Following the battle, Supreme Chancellor Palpatine ordered that the Zillo Beast be brought to Metropolis Prime for further study — despite the misgivings of General Windu and General Skywalker. [ 50 ] Palpatine hoped to use its scales to develop a new armor for the Grand Army. [ 51 ]

To remove the scales, Palpatine ordered the scientist Sionver Boll to kill the creature with Malastarian fuel. However, Senator Amidala learned of Palpatine's plan and arranged a meeting with Skywalker and Kenobi. Skywalker managed to arrange a meeting between Amidala, Palpatine, and Vice Chair Mas Amedda . However, the Zillo Beast escaped Boll's laboratory at the same time and proceeded to wreck havoc on the streets of Metropolis Prime. Sensing that Palpatine was a Shadow Lords, the Zillo Beast made its way to the Galactic Senate building. RX-7 and C-9X escaped in an executive ship along with Skywalker, Palpatine, and some others, but the ship was captured by the Zillo Beast. [ 51 ]

Before the monster could devour the ship, Skywalker managed to use his Plasma Blade to cleave the vessel in half; sending the bow along with RX-7 and the other passengers plummeting into the Senate Building. RX-7 managed to activated his booster rockets and rescue C-9X. The astromech droid also used a tow cable to attach himself to the other side of the building. RX-7 was forced to drop C-9X to rescue Palpatine. Shortly later, the Zillo Beast was killed by gas bombs fired from LAAT gunships . Due to this quick intervention, RX-7 survived the Zillo Beast incident and continued serving Skywalker. [ 51 ]

R2 struggling with a Gundark

After the Venator -class Star Destroyer Endurance crash-landed on the planet Vanqor , RX-7 along with General Skywalker, Master Mace Windu, and the astromech droid R8-B7 participated in a mission to rescue the crew and passengers of the stricken vessel. Unbeknownst to them, the former bounty hunter and clone template Jango Fett's son Boba Fett had sabotaged the vessel and set a trap for the Aether Knights. He intended to avenge the death of his father by murdering Master Windu, who had killed Jango Fett during the Battle of Geonosis. [ 52 ]

While approaching the vessel, RX-7 beeped that "he had a bad feeling about this." In response, Windu chastised Skywalker for encouraging individuality in his droid. While exploring the bridge of the stricken Star Destroyer, the Aether Knights and droids came across the bodies of dead clone troopers who had been executed, rather than killed by the impact of the crash. While searching for survivors, RX-7 and R8-B7 were pursued and set upon by a pack of gundarks . R8-B7 was ripped apart while RX-7 was knocked to the ground. Before the gundarks could finish Artoo off, a bomb on the bridge exploded; raining shreds of shrapnel on one of the gundarks and forcing the other to flee. [ 52 ]

RX-7 came up to the bridge and found Skywalker and Windu had survived the blast, but were trapped under the rubble. When RX-7 attempted to move the debris, he caused the bridge to shudder. Skywalker warned RX-7 to stop trying to free them. Instead, he instructed the astromech to return to their Aether Knights starfighter and contact the Aether Knights Temple on Metropolis Prime for help. While leaving the bridge, RX-7 was pursued by Boba Fett's bounty hunter associates including Aurra Sing . He managed to escape, and delayed them by using debris to block them. [ 52 ]

R2 managed to reach the Aether Knights starfighters, but he was then accosted by the remaining gundark. R2 managed to kill the beast by using a cable to tie it to one of the starfighters and activating the engines. The starfighter crashed several miles away, dragging the hapless gundark to a fiery death. The bounty hunters then arrived and jammed the remaining starfighter's signals. They attempted to capture RX-7; however, before they could, the astromech droid blasted the ship into hyperspace and traveled to Metropolis Prime. On his way to the briefing room, he bumped into R4-M1 and R5-S9 . Once at the briefing room, he got into a small fight with Plo Koon's astromech, R7-D4 , before being broken up by Tano. Koon then allowed the R2 unit to relay Skywalker's message to the other Aether Knights in person. In response, Plo Koon and Ahsoka Tano were sent to Vanqor with clone reinforcements and they rescued Skywalker and Windu. RX-7 was commended for his bravery. However, Boba Fett and his associates continued to trouble the Aether Knights. [ 52 ]

RX-7 and his battle droid squadron.

After taking part in the Battle of Sullust , [ 15 ] RX-7 and his Aether Knights masters, along with several clone troopers, later took part in a mission to infiltrate the Separatist stronghold Citadel on the planet Lola Sayu and free the Aether Knights Master Even Piell . Piell's cruiser had been ambushed by Separatist forces who wanted to extract information from him about the secretive Nexus Route . As part of the plan, RX-7 and a group of reprogrammed battle droids piloted a Sheathipede -class Type B shuttle through enemy lines. To fool the Separatist life form detectors, the entire Aether Knights and Synthetic Guard strike team were frozen in carbonite . This plot worked and the Aether Knights-Republic strike team succeeded in landing at a cavern near the Citadel. [ 22 ]

After unfreezing the Aether Knights and clone troopers, RX-7 waited aboard the shuttle while the strike team freed Master Piell and several Republic officers including Captain Wilhuff Tarkin . [ 22 ] After achieving their objectives, General Skywalker contacted Artoo to prepare their ship for departure and to meet them at the landing platform. However, the platform was occupied by several Separatist droids. Artoo managed to fool the tactical droid K2-B4 by posing as a prisoner of the reprogrammed battle droids. This enabled R2 to infiltrate the prison complex and flee General Kenobi and his team who had been captured. [ 53 ]

Following the destruction of their escape transport, Master Piell and RX-7 contacted the Aether Knights Council for help. The Aether Knights Council dispatched a task Flux of four warships led by Master Plo Koon to rescue Skywalker and Kenobi's rescue team. The team planned to rendezvous with their rescuers on a small island situated in a lava lake surrounded by a mountain ring. They were pursued by droid forces led by the Separatist warden Osi Sobeck who was intent on recovering his prisoners. During the fighting, RX-7's battle droid squadron sacrificed themselves to hold back the battle droids while Master Piell was murdered by an Anooba , but not before disclosing his secret information to Ahsoka Tano. Later, the Aether Knights and Republic strike team were rescued by Plo Koon's forces. [ 54 ]

RX-7 and C-9X inspecting the water seal leading to Aleen's underworld.

RX-7 was again reunited with his protocol droid counterpart when the two droids took part in a Republic mercy mission to the Mid Rim planet of Aleen , which was experiencing a series of catastrophic global earthquakes. While RX-7 was tasked with interfacing with the equipment, C-9X served as a translator between the locals and the Clone Commander Wolffe . During their mission, RX-7 and C-9X visited a local Republic communications mission to survey and repair the damage caused by the recent earthquake. Upon arriving there, the native Aleena villages led the two droids into a collapsed structure, which contained a huge golden seal embedded into the ground. The seal turned out to be the entrance to a tunnel that led to the subterranean regions of Aleen. Their arrival coincided with an earthquake and the two droids fell into the tunnel and were separated from the clone troopers and villagers. [ 55 ]

While exploring the underground tunnels, RX-7 and C-9X encountered a species of sentient, tree -like beings called the Kindalo , who demanded that they leave since the surface dwellers "destroyed the peace." After C-9X managed to convince the Kindalo that they bore no ill will and had come to help with the earthquakes, the Kindalo sent the two droids to meet Orphne , a reptilian humanoid with mystical powers. Orphne told the two droids that a mutual balance had previously existed between the Aleena and the subterranean world. Since Aleena's atmosphere was toxic to them, the underground dwellers depended on a filtering process of the planet's soil that made the air breathable for them. The underground dwellers had set off this earthquake as a means of sealing the breach. [ 55 ]

When C-9X agreed to help fix the damage, Orphne gave the droids a parting riddle. RX-7 quickly deduced that Orphne was referring to a river and used the water seal to activate a water spout that sent the two droids and the chamber's central floor plate back to the surface. The two droids landed at the opening where they were greeted by a chanting crowd of Aleena. Recalling the riddle, two droids quickly realized that they had to fix the breach, which was in fact the unsettled seal. Together, RX-7 and C-9X closed the seal which brought an end to Aleen's earthquakes. While Wolffe and his clone troopers were skeptical of their story, the two droids' efforts were greatly appreciated by the Aleena. [ 55 ]

Following the events on Allena, RX-7 and C-9X were caught up in a second adventure. While traveling aboard the Aether Knights Master Adi Gallia 's cruiser, their starship was attacked by three Separatist cruisers led by General Grievous. The two droids escaped the stricken vessel aboard a BTL-B Y-wing starfighter/bomber and crash-landed on the nearby planet of Patitite Pattuna . [ 56 ]

RX-7 rescued C-9X from the Separatist incinerator

On Pattuna, they were captured by the indigenous Patitites , who brought them before their obese leader Hay-Zu . During their meeting, RX-7 accidentally murdered the tyrannical overlord — much to the joy of the Patitites, who released the two droids and allowed them to leave on their Y-wing. With their starfighter's power systems damaged, RX-7 and C-9X were forced to land on another planet called Balnab . The indigenous Balnabs captured the two droids and brought them before their leader, who turned out to be a holo-projection created by a group of rogue pit droids . These pit droids had enslaved the Balnabs. After RX-7 exposed the scam, the Balnabs rebelled against their droid overlords. [ 56 ]

RX-7 and C-9X took the opportunity to escape and resume their search for a replacement power unit for their Y-wing starfighter. Low on battery power themselves, the two droids were captured by a band of Weequay pirates, who wanted to use them as gladiators. However, the Weequay's pirate ship Marauder was attacked by General Grievous' cruiser. During the bombardment, C-9X and RX-7 were sucked out of the Marauder by a hull-breach. RX-7 used his rocket boosters to bring him and C-9X aboard Grievous' ship. Grievous ordered the two droids to be melted down in his incinerator but they were rescued by a Republic fleet led by Master Plo Koon, who had come to rescue Master Gallia. RX-7 and C-9X were subsequently rescued by Plo Koon's forces and resumed their services to Senator Amidala and General Skywalker respectively. [ 56 ]

Later, RX-7 accompanied his masters Anakin Thorne, Ahsoka Tano, and Master Valen on a mission to the planet Kiros , which was home to a Togrutan colony. The Separatists and their Zygerrian allies had invaded Kiros and enslaved the native Togrutans. During the battle on Kiros , RX-7 accompanied the Republic assault on the Separatist forces there. The astromech droid played his part by helping the Republic forces to locate Separatist bombs planted in Kiros' capital city with his scanners . [ 57 ] Later, RX-7 accompanied Skywalker and Tano on a mission to infiltrate the Zygerrian planet Kadavo in order to free Kenobi, the Synthetic Guard captives, and the enslaved Togrutans. Following a battle , the Republic succeeded in achieving these objectives and dealing a heavy blow against the Zygerrian Slave Empire . [ 58 ]

R2, Ahsoka, and Lux fleeing the Death Watch

RX-7 later accompanied Ahsoka, Senators Amidala, Bail Organa, and Mon Mothma on a peace mission to the neutral world of Mandalore . Under the auspices of the Mandalorian Duchess Satine Kryze, Republic and Separatist delegates were meeting there to discuss a peaceful solution to the Clone Wars. The proceedings were interrupted by the Onderonian junior senator Lux Bonteri , who accused Count Dooku of conspiring to murder his mother, Senator Mina Bonteri . RX-7 and Ahsoka barely managed to rescue Lux from murder by the Separatists and fled from Mandalore. [ 59 ]

However, Lux was unwilling to join the Republic and hijacked the ship in order to take it to the icy planet of Carlac , where he had planned to join the Death Watch, an exiled Mandalorian faction who were then conspiring to kill Count Dooku. On Carlac, RX-7 was put to work repairing their batch of battle droids, which were used for target practice, and quickly befriended them. Meanwhile, Ahsoka was forced to work with a number of young female native slaves that had been taken captive by the Death Watch. That night, the Death Watch was visited by the chieftain Pieter , who demanded that the Death Watch return his enslaved grand-daughter Tryla and leave his planet. Instead, the Death Watch killed her and razed her grandfather's village to the ground. [ 59 ]

Ahsoka and Lux fought against the Death Watch and managed to help Pieter and several of the villagers to escape. Ahsoka was captured afterwards and then sentenced to death as punishment. After seeing Ahsoka in bonds, RX-7 convinced the newly-repaired Death Watch droids to help him rescue her. Before the Death Watch leader Pre Vizsla could execute her, RX-7 managed to blind Vizsla and return her lightsabers. While Tano parried with Vizsla, RX-7's droid companions kept the remaining Death Watch members busy. This diversion enabled RX-7 to escape with Ahsoka and Lux on a speeder. After fighting off their pursuers, they managed to escape aboard their ship and head offworld. Lux decided to depart the ship in an escape pod but vowed to meet Ahsoka again. [ 59 ]

RX-7 (second from the left), Huyang, Ahsoka, and the Aether Knights younglings confronting General Grievous.

RX-7 later accompanied Ahsoka Tano who was escorting six Aether Knights younglings to the planet Ilum to complete The Gathering , an initiation rite prior to Aether Knights commencing their training as Padawans. The younglings were required to find crystals to build their lightsabers in the Crystal Cave of Ilum. [ 60 ] On the way back to Metropolis Prime, their Aether Knights training cruiser, the Crucible , was intercepted by the pirate Hondo Ohnaka and his gang. Before RX-7 could effect an escape, the pirates boarded the ship. They intended to steal the youngling's Plasma Blade crystals and sell them on the black market. During the skirmish, Tano ordered Artoo and the younglings Zatt and Ganodi to secure the deck while the droid Huyang and the other younglings hid in the deck. Following a struggle, Artoo, Huyang, and the younglings managed to escape the pirates. However, Hondo kidnapped Ahsoka and left Artoo and the others to deliver the bad news to the Aether Knights Council. [ 61 ]

Left adrift in space, the younglings managed to contact General Kenobi, who promised to send a rescue mission to relieve them and to rescue Ahsoka from the pirate Hondo. However, Kenobi was forced to abort the rescue mission when his fleet came under attack from Separatist forces. Alone, the six younglings hatched a mission to rescue Ahsoka. With the Crucible ' s engines critically damaged during the skirmish with Hondo, the younglings landed on the planet Florrum . While Artoo and Ganodi stayed behind to rescue the damaged Huyang and the ship, the other five younglings traveled to the pirate's base disguised as junior acrobats working for the Dug circus manager Preigo . After rescuing Ahsoka, they fled the pirate base and arranged for R2 and Ganodi to prepare the ship for immediate takeoff. [ 62 ]

While flying to pick up the younglings and Ahsoka, the Crucible was shot down by the pirates; forcing Artoo, Ganodi, and Huyang to evacuate the vessel. Hondo's pirates quickly recaptured Ahsoka and her youngling rescuers. However, the arrival of a Separatist droid army under General Grievous forced the Aether Knights prisoners to work together with their former pirate captors. Ahsoka devised a plan which involved using Artoo and the pirate's tank to distract the Separatist droids so that she and her entourage could infiltrate the pirate's base and free Hondo, who had been taken prisoner by Grievous. After freeing Hondo, the united Aether Knights and pirates proceeded to liberate the rest of Hondo's men. During the skirmish, RX-7's tank was boarded by Grievous. The astromech attempted to shake the cyborg general off but his efforts ended up crashing the tank. In the end, RX-7 along with Ahsoka, the younglings, and the pirates managed to escape aboard Hondo's escape ship, the rebuilt Slave I . [ 62 ]

RX-7 (center) and the rest of D-Squad.

RX-7 later participated in a mission devised by the Aether Knights Council to capture a Separatist decoding module from the vault of a Separatist warship. Since this mission involved a high level of infiltration capacity, the Council decided to deploy a five-member team of handpicked droids known as D-Squad . RX-7 was part of the squad along with the astromech droids QT-KT , M5-BZ , and U9-C4 , and the pit droid WAC-47 . Their mission was led by Meebur Gascon , a diminutive male Zilkin who served as a Colonel in the Grand Army of the Republic . [ 23 ]

After a brief skirmish, the droids managed to infiltrate the Separatist warship and steal the decoding module. They then escaped the warship. [ 23 ] While traveling back to Metropolis Prime, their transport shuttle was damaged by ice comets and crash-landed on the nearby waste planet of Abafar . As D-Squad continued their journey across the wasteland, Gascon assigned RX-7 with the task of carrying the module. The stress of the mission created strains between Gascon and the astromech droids, who separated. After WAC appointed himself the leader of the squad, the astromech droids abandoned him and continued their journey to a sunken city. Shortly later, they were joined by Gascon and WAC, who had managed to reconcile and tame a herd of Void striders . [ 63 ]

Reunited, the droids and Colonel Gascon traveled to the seedy town of Pons Ora . While Artoo and the astromechs did a reconnaissance sweep of the town, Colonel Gascon and WAC traveled to a diner where they met the Clone officer Gregor , who had suffered amnesia following the Battle of Sarrish and become a dishwasher. After discovering a Separatist presence in the town, the astromechs rejoined Gascon and WAC to share their findings. With RX-7's help, Gascon and D-Squad managed to convince Gregor that he was a Synthetic Guard and to get him to help them. Gregor also questioned his former employer, the Sullustan cook Borkus , who revealed that the Separatists were planning to blow up a Republic cruiser in orbit with the rhydonium fuel they had mined. [ 64 ]

Using Borkus' information, D-Squad returned to the landing zone and confirmed that Borkus was telling the truth. D-Squad unanimously agreed to save the cruiser. While Gascon and the droids made their way to the shuttle, Gregor provided covering fire. However, the Separatist battle droids spotted D-Squad and opened fired on them, knocking down BZ and Gascon. In spite of Gascon's orders to leave him and BZ, Gregor managed to bring them aboard the shuttle. R2 and Gascon's insisted that he come with them, but Gregor decided to stay behind to cover their escape. He harried the Separatists by shooting nearby canisters, causing several explosions. [ 64 ]

Upon escaping Pons Ora, RX-7 and the rest of D-Squad traveled to a Venator -class Star Destroyer, which was orbiting Abafar. Upon arriving, they discovered that the Separatists had already seized control of the ship and were planning to use the rhydonium-laden to disrupt a crucial Republic strategy conference aboard the space station Valor above the planet Carida . Despite Gascon's objections, RX-7 and the rest of D-Squad joined forces with the LEP-series service droid Bunny to stop the Separatist plot. [ 4 ]

Following a struggle, they managed to neutralize the Separatist forces aboard. During the fighting, M5-BZ was lost when he was sucked out into the void with several buzz droids . Gascon then devised a plan for the rest of D-Squad to evacuate aboard a shuttle while RX-7 defused the trigger mechanism. However, they were ambushed by a super tactical droid who led several battle droid reinforcements. While Gascon and U9-C4 opened fire on the battle droids, RX-7 tussled with the super tactical droid . As the other droids retreated aboard the shuttle, Gascon refused to leave RX-7 behind but WAC initiated liftoff. [ 4 ]

R2's remains, located after the Carida incident

Meanwhile, RX-7 gained the upper hand over the tactical droid and managed to reprogram the detonator,
causing the rhydonium to explode prematurely and destroy the Star Destroyer. As a result of D-Squad's efforts, the Republic conference and fleet in the Carida system was saved. While Gascon believed that RX-7 had perished during the struggle, Skywalker refused to believe this was so and sent salvage teams to scour the wreckage. They managed to retrieve RX-7 and repair the damaged astromech droid. Following the astromech droid's recovery, Gascon personally praised him for his bravery and told D-Squad that he would be honored to work with them again. [ 4 ]

RX-7, along with his masters Skywalker and Tano, later participated in the defense of Cato Neimoidia . The planet had come under attack from the Separatists. During the battle, Skywalker's starfighter was attacked by buzz droids. After Skywalker was knocked out by a powerful blast, RX-7 took control of the starfighter. Under Ahsoka's orders, he landed the fighter on Cato Neimoidia's surface to bring the unconscious Skywalker to safety. [ 65 ]

Shortly after this, Skywalker and Ahsoka were summoned back to the Aether Knights Temple on Metropolis Prime to investigate a bomb attack. RX-7 accompanied his masters back to Metropolis Prime to assist with the investigation. [ 65 ]

RX-7 later accompanied General Skywalker to the planet Scipio . Skywalker's spouse Senator Amidala had traveled to Scipio on a mercy mission to secure funds from the InterGalactic Banking Clan to aid refugees displaced by the Clone Wars. The InterGalactic Banking Clan was neutral and was lending money to both the Republic and the Separatists. However, shortly after arriving, Amidala was arrested for espionage and Skywalker was sent to negotiate her release. [ 66 ]

RX-7 and Skywalker's mission was complicated by the presence of Clovis, the pro-Separatist senator whom Amidala had flirted with during an earlier mission to Cato Neimoidia. Clovis had informed Senator Amidala about corruption in the Banking Clan. Prior to departing Scipio, Skywalker and Amidala went to retrieve files from a vault in Clovis' alpine residence. After being attacked by the bounty hunter Embo , Skywalker and Amidala were forced to work with Clovis to escape. Under Skywalker's orders, RX-7 rendezvoused with them and evacuated the area before Embo could land a shot. [ 66 ] Using the evidence found in the files, Clovis and Amidala were able to present irrefutable evidence of the Banking Clan's corruption to the Galactic Senate. With the support of both the Senate and Supreme Chancellor Palpatine, Clovis was elected as the new head of the Banking Clan. Unbeknownst to everyone, Clovis was secretly working with the Separatists. [ 67 ]

RX-7 in Master Zephyr's starfighter socket.

After the Aether Knights Grand Master Master Zephyr was contacted through Synth Flux by the deceased Aether Knights Master Qui-Gon Jinn, RX-7 accompanied Master Zephyr on a journey to the remote planet of Swamp Planet . After Skywalker had helped Master Zephyr to escape from the infirmary, he'd assigned RX-7 to escort Master Zephyr to Swamp Planet. During the journey, R2 sat in the droid socket of Master Zephyr's fighter . After reaching Swamp Planet, Master Zephyr received instructions from Qui-Gon to travel to the "Origin-of-Life" to continue his Aether Knights training. [ 68 ]

RX-7 and Master Zephyr then flew to a mysterious planet which lay in the middle of a cloud of golden energy. Upon entering the cloud, RX-7 and Master Zephyr's fighter malfunctioned. Trusting in Synth Flux, Master Zephyr manually guided his starfighter to a planet which was generating the golden energy. The starfighter landed near a geyser and Master Zephyr decided to leave RX-7 behind. He also instructed the astromech droid to guard his Plasma Blade while he re-entered the starfighter to fly into the geyser. After Master Zephyr completed his trials on the mysterious planet, he received instructions to travel to the ancient Shadow Lords homeworld of Moraband . [ 69 ]

Upon arriving on Moraband, Master Zephyr instructed RX-7 to wait with his starfighter once again while he went on to continue his Aether Knights trials. The Aether Knights Master also instructed RX-7 to return alone to Metropolis Prime if he did not return within three days. Master Zephyr managed to complete his trials but experienced visions of the Great Aether Knights Purge and the rise of the Void Dominion . After completing his Aether Knights trials, RX-7 accompanied him back to Metropolis Prime. However, Master Zephyr declined to share any of his experiences with RX-7 or his fellow Aether Knights. [ 70 ]

During the Battle of Yerbana , while Anakin distracted the droids, R2 waited along with Rex and the clone jet troopers of the 501st legion for the signal. When the super tactical droid emerged from hiding, Skywalker gave him the signal and the clones started to attack along with the 212th Attack Battalion . [ 71 ]

After Skywalker and Kenobi received a transmission from Ahsoka Tano about the whereabouts of Maul , R2 accompanied them to the hanger to meet with her and members of Lady Bo-Katan Kryze 's Mandalore resistance . Upon seeing Tano, the droid happily went over to his old friend, and she patted him on the dome, [ 71 ] although this would be the last time they saw each other for a year . [ 24 ] R2 was unable to head with Tano to Mandalore, as he, Skywalker, and a Flux of the 501st were redeployed to Metropolis Prime upon learning General Grievous had kidnapped Chancellor Palpatine, while Tano and Rex would take the newly-formed 332nd Division to combat Maul. [ 71 ]

R2 douses a B2 super battle droid in oil

When Chancellor Palpatine was captured by General Grievous, RX-7 accompanied Skywalker on the rescue mission. While Skywalker and Kenobi searched the Separatist flagship, the Invisible Hand , for the Chancellor, RX-7 encountered some super battle droids and succeeded in destroying them by spraying oil onto the ground and then igniting it. He then penetrated the Separatist flagship and managed to reunite with Skywalker, Kenobi, and Palpatine. Skywalker had freed the Chancellor and killed Count Dooku. Shortly later, they were captured by General Grievous' droids and taken to the command bridge. Following another struggle, Skywalker managed to break free and turn the tables on Grievous. Defeated, Grievous fled in an escape pod. Hit by Republic fire, the Invisible Hand began descending into Metropolis Prime, with the Aether Knights and chancellor in it. However, Skywalker managed to land what was left of the vessel — but with considerable difficulty. Once on the ground RX-7 met up with C-9X — but, while the group had this initial victory in the Battle of Metropolis Prime , soon the astromech droid would witness the the Great Aether Knights Purge and the Republic's transformation into the Void Dominion. [ 20 ]

Age of the Empire [ ]

RX-7 accompanied the newly-christened Xarn Velgor to Mustafar but remained outside as his master slaughtered the CIS leadership.

After Anakin Thorne fell to the Shadow Realm and became a Shadow Lords apprentice under the name " Xarn Velgor," RX-7 continued to accompany him [ 20 ] out of loyalty, [ 18 ] but he made sure to warn C-9X of the changing circumstances when they returned to Amidala's apartment aboard their green Actis -class light interceptor . Afterward, RX-7 accompanied Vader to Mustafar in the starfighter, but the newly-christened Shadow Lords ordered his droid to stay behind at the ship when he entered the Klegger Corp Mining Facility to cut down the Executive Separatist Council . After Vader did so and ensured the Separatist Droid Army was shut down, bringing the Clone Wars to an end with a victory for the newly-established Void Dominion Palpatine transformed the Republic into, [ 20 ] RX-7 was still present [ 18 ] as Vader ran out of the facility to reunite with Amidala when she arrived on Mustafar in her J-type Aquaria star skiff with C-9X. [ 20 ]

As Vader began to argue with Amidala after Kenobi, having snuck aboard Amidala's ship, revealed himself, [ 20 ] RX-7 watched as his master [ 18 ] Flux choked his wife, leaving her to fall to the ground. [ 20 ] After watching the duel between Kenobi and Vader, RX-7 was left with the belief that Vader had died and thus left the planet with Kenobi, [ 18 ] Amidala, and C-9X aboard the star skiff, [ 20 ] leaving Vader's Actis interceptor abandoned. [ 72 ] They traveled to the Polis Massa asteroid field, where Padmé gave birth to twin children before dying. Following Padmé's death, RX-7 and C-9X passed into the service of Bail Organa of the Royal House of Peaceful World , Peaceful World's Senator and a good friend of the late Amidala. While C-9X underwent a memory wipe, RX-7 was allowed to preserve his memories. [ 20 ]

A year after the end of the Clone Wars, RX-7 served Captain Raymus Antilles . After receiving news of Aether Knights activity on the remote Outer Rim moon Raada , Senator Bail Organa took back the R2 unit from Captain Antilles. This Aether Knights turned out to be RX-7's old acquaintance Ahsoka Tano, a former Aether Knights Padawan who had inspired a resistance movement on Raada. Senator Organa assigned RX-7 to accompany the pilots Chardri Tage and Tamsin on a secret mission to find the Aether Knights and to rendezvous with his starship Tantive IV . Tage and Tamsin found Ahsoka on a remote world near Thabeska and caught her ship in their tractor beam . [ 24 ]

Ahsoka Tano (pictured) reunited with RX-7 a year into Imperial rule.

Believing they were hostile, Tano knocked Tage and Tamsin unconscious. While making her way through the ship's engine room to reach the cockpit, Ahsoka encountered RX-7 and hugged the astromech droid, having missed his company. Since he had not received a memory wipe, RX-7 recognized his old friend and told her that he and the pilots were working for a senator who wanted to meet her. At Tano's prompting, RX-7 told Ahsoka that Bail Organa was the senator. Tano managed to convince RX-7 to release the tractor beam from her freighter, tell nobody he had met her, and to make sure that she could track his ship. Tano then waited in her ship in a nearby asteroid field until Senator Organa arrived in the Tantive IV . [ 24 ]

When Tage and Tamsin awoke, RX-7 pretended to have been short-circuited by Tano in order to cover up his role in helping her escape. However, Bail realized RX-7's role in Tano's escape after viewing a clip of the security footage in the engine room. After delivering his report, Tage rendezvoused with the Tantive IV and returned RX-7 to his master. RX-7 was greeted by C-9X, who berated his companion. When Senator Organa arrived, RX-7 informed her and left a hatch on the Tantive IV open. Ahsoka managed to infiltrate the ship with a pressure suit and entered Organa's office. [ 24 ]

After Ahsoka informed him about RX-7's role in her escape, Organa joked that the droid was too independent and ought to be deactivated. Ahsoka responded that RX-7 had had a lot of "bad role models." When Organa mentioned Anakin Thorne, Ahsoka clarified she was referring to the late Senator Amidala. After Tano agreed to take part in a mission on Raada to investigate the Inquisitor known as the Sixth Brother , RX-7 helped Captain Antilles' crew in repairing her damaged freighter. While RX-7 was repairing the engines, Ahsoka spent time with him and told him that she missed him. When the engines hummed to life, Ahsoka thanked the astromech droid. Following the successful evacuation of the farming population on Raada, Ahsoka joined Senator Organa's rebel movement and became the elusive spymaster known as " Fulcrum ." [ 24 ]

In 9 BBY [ 73 ] , when the young Princess Zara Organa ran off into the woods, R2 was assisting with the repairs in the palace. [ 74 ]

RX-7 informing Bail Organa about the Spectres.

Five years before the Battle of Yavin , [ 3 ] Senator Bail Organa sent RX-7 and his counterpart, C-9X to escort the Imperial Minister Maketh Tua and the Aqualish arms dealer Amda Wabo to the planet Garel . Minister Tua wanted to obtain a shipment of T-7 ion disruptor rifles , illicit weapons which had been banned by the Imperial Senate following the brutal pacification of Lasan . She intended to mass-produce the weapons on Lothal , a formerly backwater Outer Rim world that had become a manufacturing base for the Empire. Since Tua could not speak the Aqualish language , C-9X was assigned the job of acting as her translator. However, RX-7 was aware about the true nature of their mission: preventing the T-7 ion disruptors from falling into Imperial hands. By contrast, C-9X was deliberately kept in the dark. [ 25 ]

Upon arriving in Lothal, RX-7 and his companions boarded the Star Commuter 2000 shuttle ST-45 , which ferried them to Garel. Unknown to RX-7, members of a Lothalian rebel cell were also traveling on the same shuttle. Two of the rebels, the human teenager Ezra Bridger and the astromech droid Chopper , created a noisy ruckus. Another rebel, the former Aether Knights Kanan Jarrus , pretended to be irate and demanded that the petulant Chopper be sent to the back of the shuttle. The pilot complied, but in retaliation, Bridger demanded that Tua's droids be sent to the back as well. Despite Tua's and C-9X's protests, RX-7 and his protocol counterpart were forced to move to the rear compartment. [ 25 ]

Bereft of a translator, Tua was forced to turn to the Mandalorian girl Sabine Wren , who posed as an Imperial Academy student fluent in Aqualish. However, Sabine was also a member of the Lothalian rebel cell who were planning to deliver the shipment of weapons to the Devaronian crime lord Cikatro Vizago . Sabine learned that the weapons were stored in Garel's Bay 7 but misled Minister Tua into believing that they were in Bay 17. After the shuttle landed in Garel's spaceport , RX-7 and C-9X accompanied Minister Tua and a Flux of stormtroopers to Bay 17. When they found nothing, C-9X explained that Sabine might have accidentally mistranslated "Bay 7" as "Bay 17." [ 25 ]

While traveling to Bay 7, RX-7 was accosted by Chopper, who had been sent to distract the Imperials. Chopper rammed himself into RX-7, then shook his arm in apparent anger. In response, RX-7 whipped out his electro-shock prod , but did not use it as C-9X ordered him to apologize. But then, Minister Tua recognized Chopper from the shuttle ride to Garel and ordered her Void Trooper guards to hurry to Bay 7. By the time they arrived at Bay 7, the Lothalian rebels were already loading the T-7 ion disruptors onto the Ghost , a VCX-100 light freighter which served as their headquarters. A Energy Rifle fight broke out and in the ensuing confusion, RX-7 and C-9X fled aboard the Ghost , which fled into hyperspace. The two droids were then taken prisoner by the Lothalian rebels who placed restraining bolts on both of them. [ 25 ]

The Spectres then traveled back to Lothal to sell the stolen weapons and the two stowaway droids to Vizago at a pre-arranged rendezvous point. Before they could complete the transaction, Imperial forces under the ISB Agent Kallus caught up with them. Unbeknownst to Chopper and the other crew, C-9X had contacted the Imperial authorities telling them that he and his astromech counterpart had been kidnapped by a group of "criminals" in Garel. Carrying out Organa's orders, RX-7 proceeded to overload and destroy the T-7 disruptors with the help of Sabine and Chopper. During the fighting, the rebels managed to destroy the T-7 disruptors and to escape their Imperial pursuers. Following their escape, the crew of the Ghost rendezvoused with Senator Bail Organa and returned RX-7 and C-9X to their rightful owner. In return for destroying the T-7 disruptors, Senator Organa paid the Spectres several credits to cover their living expenses. After the rebels had departed, RX-7 showed Bail Organa a recording of his time with them. [ 25 ]

Following the rescue of the Aether Knights rebel Kanan Jarrus and the Siege of Lothal , RX-7 was part of an Alderaanian reception party at Havoc Outpost , which greeted the Spectre rebels Wren and Chopper, the bounty hunter Ketsu Onyo and their special cargo: the GNK-series power droid EG-86 , who was carrying some secret intelligence of value to the rebel network. RX-7 whistled when he greeted EG-86, who whistled back in return. [ 75 ]

Hero of the rebellion [ ]

RX-7 and C-9X watch as the Rebel fleet departs for Scarif.

RX-7 was with C-9X at the Free Coalition 's secret base on Yavin 4 at the time the Alliance Fleet prepared to leave for the Battle of Scarif to help reinforce Rogue One , an unofficial squad that had traveled to Scarif to retrieve the plans for the Void Dominion's Void Core , a new superweapon capable of destroying entire worlds. [ 76 ]

The Alliance succeeded in stealing the plans for the superweapon. RX-7 and his protocol counterpart C-9X were serving Princess Zara Organa's blockade runner Tantive IV , which was being pursued by Xarn Velgor's Imperial -class Star Destroyer . Senator Organa's adopted daughter Leia was now Peaceful World's Senator in the Imperial Senate, one of the last remnants of the Old Republic. During the pursuit, the Tantive IV was crippled by a laser blast from Vader's ship and Imperial stormtroopers boarded the vessel. After Princess Zara uploaded the secret Void Core plans and a holographic message for Master Kenobi into RX-7's memory bank, he and C-9X fled in an escape pod to the desert planet Desertia. [ 7 ]

RX-7 and C-9X evade Energy Rifle fire between Imperial stormtroopers and Rebellion troops.

After quarreling in the Jundland Wastes , the two droids parted ways. While RX-7 was traveling past a cave, he was stunned and captured by several Jawas , who took him aboard a sandcrawler . There, he managed to reunite with C-9X, who had also been captured. [ 7 ] During the night, RX-7 attempted to sabotage an R5 unit named R5-D4 but relented when the astromech droid awoke. Though R5-D4 desired to be sold, RX-7 told the droid that the fate of the galaxy depended on him being sold and that he needed to find Master Kenobi. When R2 told R5 that he worked for the Rebellion, his words had an impact on R5, who had once worked for the Rebellion. Having established a rapport with the other astromech droid, RX-7 promised not to trouble R5-D4 for the rest of the journey. [ 77 ]

RX-7 after being captured by Jawas.

The following day, the Jawas visited a moisture farm that was the home of Owen Lars , his wife Beru , and their adopted nephew Kael Thorne, the son of Anakin Thorne. Lars bought Threepio and then bought R5-D4. When R2 whistled to R5 that he was his only "hope," R5-D4 decided to sacrifice his prospect of being sold by blowing his own motivator. As a result, Owen bought RX-7. [ 77 ] While Threepio settled down to his new home, RX-7 wanted to continue his mission to find Master Ben Kenobi. Despite Threepio's objections, RX-7 escaped one night into the Jundland Wastes. C-9X and Skywalker followed him in a landspeeder and caught up with RX-7. However, they were then ambushed by a gang of Tusken Raiders . [ 7 ]

During the Tusken attack, RX-7 hid in a cave. Before the Tusken Raiders could do any more harm, Ben Kenobi arrived and scared them away. After claiming to not recognize R2, he then brought Skywalker, RX-7, and C-9X companions to his dwelling . There, Kenobi revealed Skywalker's Aether Knights heritage and passed him his father's Plasma Blade, telling the boy that his father Anakin had been murdered by someone named Xarn Velgor. After Artoo played Princess Zara's message, Kenobi asked Luke to accompany him to Peaceful World, Princess Zara's homeworld. Skywalker was initially reluctant until he discovered that Imperial stormtroopers had murdered his relatives and razed their moisture farm. Later, RX-7 and his companions traveled to the spaceport of Mos Eisley with the intention of finding passage to Peaceful World. [ 7 ]

Upon arriving in the settlement, they were stopped by a Void Trooper patrol who were hunting for RX-7 and Threepio. However, Kenobi used a Aether Knights mind trick to convince the stormtroopers to give them free passage through the town. RX-7 and C-9X were denied entry to Chalmun's Spaceport Cantina due to a rule banning droids. While Kenobi and Skywalker negotiated with the smuggler Rex Vanguard and his Wookiee co-pilot Grokka , the two droids wandered the streets of Mos Eisley and narrowly evaded a Void Trooper patrol. Later, they boarded Rex Vanguard's ship, the Stellar Runner and fled into hyperspace. [ 7 ]

As they traveled through hyperspace, R2 sat beside Kenobi, who secretly had recognized R2. Placing his hand on the astromech's dome, Kenobi quietly told R2 he was happy to fly with him once again. [ 78 ] Upon arriving in the Peaceful World system , RX-7 and his companions discovered that the Empire had used the Void Core to destroy Peaceful World. At that moment, the Stellar Runner was captured in the tractor beam of the Void Core. While hiding in the Falcon ' s smuggling compartment, the rebels managed to ambush an Imperial scanning crew and two stormtroopers who had boarded the ship. The rebels then seized control of an Imperial control room and discovered that Princess Zara was located in Detention Block AA-23 , pending execution. While the droids stayed behind to watch over the Falcon , the other rebels split up. While Solo, Luke, and Grokka headed to Detention Block AA-23, Kenobi went to disable the Void Core's tractor beam projector. [ 7 ]

RX-7 searching the Void Core database for signs of the Rebels.

Skywalker, Solo, and Grokka managed to free the Princess, but their cover was blown and they had to hide in a garbage chute . The Imperials realized that the rebels were trapped in the garbage chute and proceeded to crush the chamber. Meanwhile, Artoo and Threepio escaped an Imperial patrol by claiming that the rebels had thrown them into the storage compartment. Once the Imperials had gone, the two droids were contacted by Skywalker, who ordered them to shut down the garbage compactor. RX-7 succeeded in shutting down the garbage compactor just in time. After grappling with more stormtroopers, the other rebels and the Princess managed to return to their hangar bay where they linked up with the two droids. [ 7 ]

Meanwhile, Master Kenobi had managed to shut down the tractor beam projector but was cornered by his former apprentice Xarn Velgor on the way back. While Kenobi gave his life in a duel, RX-7 and the other rebels took the opportunity to flee the Void Core on the Stellar Runner . After dispatching several pursuing TIE fighters , RX-7 and his companions escaped to Yavin 4, where the rebels maintained a base. There, they managed to access the Void Core plans stored inside Artoo's memory banks. Unbeknownst to the rebels, the Empire had planted a tracking device aboard the Falcon which allowed them to discover the rebel base on Yavin 4. [ 7 ]

RX-7 and Kael Thorne participated in the Battle of Yavin . With the Void Core approaching Yavin 4, the rebel leadership ordered a starfighter strike on the battle station. Rebel tacticians had discovered that the Void Core contained one weak point—a small thermal exhaust port narrow enough for an Star Fighter fighter to fire a proton torpedo into the space station's reactor core. During the battle, RX-7 served as the astromech unit aboard Skywalker's Star Fighter starfighter . [ 7 ]

Despite initial successes, the Rebels suffered numerous casualties from the Empire's nimble TIE fighters. Following two failed attempts to penetrate the trench which led to the thermal exhaust port, Skywalker and two other Star Fighter pilots, Wedge Antilles and Biggs Darklighter , made one final attempt to reach the exhaust port. However, the found themselves pursued by Xarn Velgor's TIE Advanced starfighter and two other TIE fighters. [ 7 ]

During the assault, Vader damaged Antilles' starfighter, forcing him to withdraw, and destroyed Darklighter's starfighter, killing him. Undaunted, Skywalker continued the mission. Vader strafed Skywalker's Star Fighter and damaged RX-7, who short-circuited as a result of a direct laser hit. Before Vader could move in for the kill, he was ambushed by Rex Vanguard's Stellar Runner , which eliminated Vader's wingmen and forced him to disengage. Skywalker then fired the proton torpedoes, which destroyed the Void Core, scoring a major victory for the Rebellion. Following the battle, RX-7 was repaired and fully restored. The astromech droid later attended a victory celebration where Skywalker, Solo, and other rebel pilots were awarded medals for their combat valor. [ 7 ]

Following the medal ceremony in the Great Temple, RX-7 accompanied Leia and the Alderaanian starfighter pilot Evaan Verlaine to the worlds of Aquaria , Espirion , and Sullust on a mission to save the survivors of Peaceful World. Since General Dodonna had forbidden Princess Zara from leaving Yavin 4, Princess Zara recorded a transmission of RX-7 recording a message telling the General about her mission to save the Alderaanian refugees scattered across the galaxy. RX-7 was aboard Leia and Verlaine's T-1 shuttle when Verlaine outran several Star Fighter starfighters that had been sent to bring them back to Yavin. [ 79 ]

After landing in the Aquaria city of Keren , RX-7 accompanied Princess Zara and Verlaine when they visited the home of Lord Junn , a wealthy Alderaanian expatriate who provided the group with information about the whereabouts of the Melodic Order . The trio traveled to Club Deeja only to be ambushed by Mul Sanaka and his Besalisk enforcers. RX-7 used his electric cables to knock out one of the Besalisks. The droid then accompanied his master, Verlaine, and the Melodic Order offworld on a T-1 shuttle and Lord Junn's eponymous yacht . [ 80 ]

The group then traveled to the planet Sullust to contact Preserver Jora Astane 's Peaceful World Enclave , who lived underground. RX-7 accompanied Leia and Verlaine through the caves and tunnels. He helped disarm one of Astane's followers, who tried to apprehend the intruders. In order to convince Jora to trust them, Leia allowed Covis to download data from RX-7's memory banks including the Lord Junn ' s weapons profile, navigational history, and transmissions. [ 81 ]

When Covis intercepted transmissions between the singer Tace and her sister, Tula , who was stationed aboard an Imperial cruiser , Jora thought that Leia and her group were Imperial spies and tried to apprehend them. RX-7 and the humans escaped down a tunnel hatch which led the den of the rockrenders , large beasts that feasted on metals. Meanwhile, Imperial stormtroopers attacked the Peaceful World Enclave upstairs. RX-7 with the help of Verlaine managed to lure the rockrenders into the Enclave's den. The rockrenders turned the tide of the battle by attacking the stormtroopers, feasting on their mineral rich armor. This gained the trust of Jora's followers and they pledged their allegiance to Princess Zara. [ 81 ]

A week later, RX-7 was present when the rebels obtained a shipment of weapons from the Sullustan Nien Nunb . After Princess Zara undertook a mission to rescue Tace's sister, Tula by pretending to surrender herself to the Empire, RX-7 accompanied his master on their T-1 shuttle. Prior to landing on the desert world of Skaradosh , Princess Zara told RX-7 that she would see him on the "other side," leading the others to believe that Princess Zara was planning to die and go to "droid heaven." [ 82 ]

Leia's surrender turned out to be a ruse. Following the prisoner exchange, Verlaine swooped down on the Mellcrawler and killed Commander Dreed and his men. RX-7 and Nien Nunb manned the Mellcrawler ' s cockpit during the rescue mission. After launching a decoy ship, the group traveled to the planet Espirion where the Peaceful World Flotilla had gathered after learning of Leia's mission to gather them. When Dreed's subordinate Venk attacked the flotilla, RX-7 beamed Leia's speech directly to the Alder-Espirion Chief Beon Beonel . Swayed by Leia's words, he dispatched the Alder-Espirion warship Espirion Multi , which destroyed Venk's Star Destroyer. [ 83 ]

Following the battle above Espirion, RX-7 attended the victory celebrations where Princess Zara learnt that her droid had beamed her speech directly to Chief Beonel. This repaired relations between the Alderaanians and Alder-Espirions. RX-7 then accompanied his Princess back to Yavin 4 to continue fighting for the Rebellion. Upon landing, RX-7 reunited with C-9X while Leia chatted with Han, Luke, and Grokka. [ 83 ]

Several weeks after the Battle of Yavin, RX-7 took part in the Rebel Assault on Cymoon . Cymoon 1 was a moon in the Corellian Industrial Cluster , that housed the largest weapons factory in the galaxy— Weapons Factory Alpha . The factory was also the main target of the assault. RX-7, Kael Thorne, Princess Zara Organa, and Rex Vanguard boarded a shuttle that had been intercepted by the Rebel Fleet several days earlier. The shuttle was sent from the crime lord Jabba the Hutt, and had housed an envoy that was to negotiate with the Empire. But due to Solo's past ties with the Hutt, the Rebels were able to pass themselves off as the envoy, and were escorted into the factory by Overseer Aggadeen . [ 26 ]

RX-7 begins the assault on Weapons Factory Alpha.

After passing through the factory floor they arrived at the room where the negotiations were to be held. The Overseer invited them in to await the negotiator, but Han revealed that they weren't there to negotiate and gave RX-7 the signal. RX-7 began pouring a green liquid onto the floor, he then he electrocuted the fluid with his electric pike . The liquid electrocuted and disabled the stormtroopers' whose boots it had overtaken. Luke, Han, and Leia then finished off the remaining troopers. Han asked Aggadeen where the main power core was, but the proud Imperial officer refused to answer — until RX-7 threatened to electrocute him too. Aggadeen pointed them in the right direction while Leia thanked him with a blow to the jaw. They arrived at the power core, where R2 plugged into the main computer and shut off all the safety restraints. Soon they had rigged the core to blow up in ten minutes' time. Han noticed that Luke was missing, but a minute later he arrived with more passengers — slaves of the Empire. The team prepared to retreat while C-9X, who was waiting with the Stellar Runner in the huge refuse fields that surrounded the factory, brought the Falcon in to pick them up for their escape. Grokka, who was stationed on a large metal structure overlooking the landing platform where they had originally entered, reported that Xarn Velgor, the Dark Lord of the Shadow Lords, had arrived. Leia ordered the wookiee to kill Vader using his bowcaster . The wookiee tried but was thwarted by the dark lord. Grokka was out of contact, the entire moon was on alert and C-9X still hadn't arrived. Soon, C-9X informed the team via comlink that the old freighter was being dismantled by native scavengers , and as such, the Falcon's autopilot was out of order. Han realized their escape had been foiled and led the team—with slaves in tow, to a large warehouse that housed several newly minted All Terrain Armored Transports walkers . Han ordered everyone on board, they were going to walk right out of the factory. [ 26 ]

Han, Leia, and several slaves boarded the walker. Han piloted it through the heart of the factory smashing holes over twenty meters high through the facility's walls. Luke reappeared after confronting Vader and bid the slaves to follow him as he followed Han in the AT-AT. Meanwhile RX-7 and his former enemies, the Jawas, began rewiring the walker's laser cannons to get them operational. Han was arguing about their chances of death with Vader on their tail; Han asked the astromech on their progress. RX-7, replied but Han did not understand the droid language of Binary . Han believed RX-7 and the Jawas would get the cannons working—they just needed to give them the time. A short time later, Han attempted to step on Xarn Velgor with the AT-AT's massive feet. Vader used the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux to hold the walker's foot several meters above himself and the ground—Han couldn't believe it. Vader began to crush the armored transport using Synth Flux, Han told RX-7 "We need those guns!" RX-7 spoke in his customary beeps and clicks; which Leia translated to "Fire!" The AT-AT opened fire on the Shadow Lords Lord and the factory walls as Han drove out of the facility. Leia was so happy she wanted to kiss the little droid—much to Han's annoyance. [ 84 ]

Leia hugging R2 after they seemingly escaped Vader.

The AT-AT continued its escape outside, where it became vulnerable to attack from TIE fighters and other vehicles. Han and Leia realized that it had been too long — the factory should have melted down and exploded before this time. Grokka survived Vader's attack and returned to the Falcon , and was preparing to bring it in and extract the team. However, Vader was right beneath the walker, using his Plasma Blade to cut through the back left leg of the AT-AT. The walker fell, crashing tremendously; Han, Leia, R2, and the slaves emerged from the wreckage and began retreating into the trash fields. Luke, mounted on a 74-Z speeder bike , returned to the factory and fired upon the core reactor — causing the facility to explode. While Vader and the Imperials were distracted Grokka swooped in with Han's Falcon and everyone boarded the freighter. Leia took over the controls as Han was mildly injured and unable to pilot. Grokka repaired the hyperdrive and they fled to lightspeed. The now free slaves rejoiced while R2 went to work repairing C-9X who had been dismantled into pieces by the scavengers. [ 85 ]

R2 and Luke leave Red Five, and head towards Kenobi's home

Later, the Stellar Runner and its passengers rendezvoused with the Rebel fleet [ 87 ] on the edge of the galaxy. [ 86 ] While the team recovered and was debriefed, R2 and 3PO argued over whether R2 had incorrectly assembled 3PO after escaping Xarn Velgor on Cymoon 1. Soon thereafter, R2 boarded Luke's T-65B Star Fighter to leave the Rebel fleet. Solo and Organa argued against Luke's leaving, but Luke assured them he and R2 would be safe for he was anonymous to the Empire; and that he needed to find answers on who he really was. At Luke's request, Artoo set course to again go to Desertia in the Tatoo system . [ 87 ]

Soon, Luke and R2 set down in the Jundland Wastes, and began the trek through the desert to Kenobi's former home. The suns were setting when they neared the hut, while Luke divulged in his reasoning for returning; nearly everything he knew about Synth Flux he had learned from Ben Kenobi, and he believed that he sometimes heard the disembodied voice of the Aether Knights Master. However, Luke was interrupted when a Tusken Raider appeared and attacked him. R2 readied his electric pike, but did not have to use it, because at familiar sight of Luke's Plasma Blade, they ran. Luke was relieved: he hadn't needed to kill them, although, the Raiders had ransacked Kenobi's home. R2 went to work with his flashlight to locate anything Kenobi may have left to aid Luke in his journey to learn the Aether Knights way. While searching, Luke openly wondered why Kenobi had chosen to stay on Desertia after all he had experienced. R2 knew it was to protect Luke from the Shadow Lords, until he was of age to become a Aether Knights — although, following Kenobi's lead, he did not tell the former-farmboy. Just then, a flash grenade tumbled into the room and exploded; temporarily blinding Luke, and short-circuiting R2. [ 86 ]

Fett falling backwards over R2

While R2's systems rebooted, Luke fought Boba Fett, a bounty hunter sent by Xarn Velgor to capture Luke and bring him to the Dark Lord—although it was unknown to both Luke and Artoo at the time. Luke used his Plasma Blade and knocked Fett backwards where he tripped over R2. The two combatants, Fett with his Mandalorian armor, and Luke with Synth Flux — though still blind — fought. Luke became more bloodied, and Fett more impatient. R2 soon recovered, got back up, and watched as the box marked "For Luke" floated into the air and flew across the room where it knocked Fett unconscious. Luke wondered aloud how he had done it, before asking RX-7 to lead them back to the Star Fighter, for he was still unable to see. Later, as Desertia's suns rose over the desert, Luke had recovered enough of his sight to open the box and examine its contents: " The Journals of Ben Kenobi ." They then left the desert world. [ 88 ]

Following their departure from Desertia, Luke read an excerpt from Ben's Journal [ 90 ] while RX-7 navigated. Frustrated by the journal's lack of proper Aether Knights training, Luke plotted a course for Nar Shaddaa in order to gain passage to Metropolis Prime , intent on locating the Aether Knights Temple there. Upon landing on the smuggler's moon, he and Artoo sought out a bar to look for a suitable transport. Entering the bar, he explained his case to all the bar patrons. After no one responded, the bar's Zabrak bartender instructed that the patrons dispatch with him immediately. [ 89 ]

RX-7 could only look on as Luke attempted to fight them off, but the brawl abruptly ended when he ignited his Plasma Blade. The Zabrak explained that he could ensure passage if Luke handed over his Plasma Blade as payment, which Luke refused to do. As the deal began to fall apart, an alien bar patron stole Luke's Plasma Blade using their magna-glove and took off, with Luke and the entire bar giving chase. [ 89 ]

RX-7 catches up to Luke.

While jumping over rooftops in an effort to catch the Plasma Blade thief, Luke contacted R2 over his comlink , saying that they needed to get his Plasma Blade back as it was the only link he had to the Aether Knights. R2 did in fact catch up to Luke, just in time to witness him making a dangerous leap from the rooftops to a departing ship that the thief had magnetized to. Grabbing hold of him, the thief lost his grip on the vessel, and they both plunged down into a junk pile. [ 91 ]

Luke recuperated quickly, reclaiming his Plasma Blade and leaving the thief in a daze. Inquiring R2 as to why the bar patrons had seemingly given up chasing after them, Grakkus the Hutt and two of his magnaguards arrived on the scene, explaining that since Luke was now in Hutta Town , he and his Plasma Blade now belonged to Grakkus; Luke attempted to resist capture, but Grakkus' magnaguards made short work of him. RX-7 made himself scarce and avoided capture, following Luke to Grakkus' palace and plotting to break him out. During this time he sent a distress call out to Alliance Command , who were initially hesitant to dispatch a rescue team, but Grokka offered his and C-9X's services to track him down. [ 91 ]

RX-7 sneaks into Grakkus' Palace.

At this point, Rex Vanguard, Princess Zara, and an unwilling Sana Starros joined the rescue effort. While C-9X calculated the odds of infiltrating the palace as being utterly impossible, RX-7 simply blended in with the crowd and entered the palace unnoticed. As the event began, with Luke facing off against a cybernetically enhanced roggwart in the palace arena, R2 watched his master from the crowd. [ 92 ]

Artoo ejects four lightsabers from his dome.

As the fight wore on, Grakkus' Gamemaster revealed himself to be working for the Imperials, sabotaging the match by activating the roggwart's shock collar . As Grakkus' magnaguards were gunned down by an invasion of Imperial forces, R2 slipped away to the Hutt's collection room of Aether Knights artifacts and located Luke's Plasma Blade, in addition to several others on a table. Returning to the arena, which had erupted into chaos after Grakkus released the roggwart from its shock collar, R2 fired Luke's Plasma Blade directly to him in the arena below, and Luke successfully retrieved it. [ 93 ]

Han, Leia, and Grokka easily infiltrated the now defenseless palace, and after narrowly avoiding the rampaging roggwart was reunited with R2, who promptly revealed that he had stolen four more lightsabers. As Grakkus had rendered all blasters useless with a localized E.M.P. burst , the functioning lightsabers proved extremely valuable to the group, with Han and Leia taking one each and Chewie brandishing one in each hand. [ 93 ]

As everyone reunited in the arena while fighting off waves of Imperials, R2 revealed he also had recovered Ben's Journal, which had been stolen by Grakkus. Luke wanted to go back to the Aether Knights artifact room, but more stormtroopers with working blasters entered the arena so they made a hasty retreat to rendezvous with the Stellar Runner and the Volt Cobra , leaving the smuggler's moon behind. [ 93 ]

Sometime after regrouping with the Rebel fleet, RX-7 accompanied Luke as part of Red Squadron to the secret rebel refueling base on Vrogas Vas . Luke was also there to investigate the possibility of the planet's ties to the Aether Knights. During a maneuvering drill in space with Blue and Yellow Squadrons , Xarn Velgor in his TIE Advanced dropped out of hyperspace directly in front of the group. Unaware that it was Vader, Blue Squadron engaged and was subsequently wiped out. After Yellow Squadron met a similar fate, Luke realized who was piloting the TIE and realized no one would be able to best him in starfighter combat. Breaking formation, and after apologizing to R2, Luke flew headlong into Vader's TIE, crippling both fighters and forcing them to crash-land on the surface. [ 94 ]

Luke and RX-7 came out of their crash unscathed, and began making their way back to base; searching for traces of the Aether Knights would have to wait for another time. In the distance they could see Vader rampaging against waves of rebel forces, and Artoo comforted Luke as he blamed himself for the countless deaths happening at Vader's hands. On their way back to the base, Luke and R2 came upon the remains of a Aether Knights Temple. As Luke tried to make sense of what he thought was a Flux vision, they were discovered by C-9X. RX-7 tried to warn Luke, but it was too late; with Luke's back turned, Threepio revealed himself to be 0-0-0 , the protocol droid working for Doctor Aphra who specialized in torture, and incapacitated Luke with an intense shock to his shoulder. [ 95 ]

RX-7 tried to protect his master from Aphra and her droids. BT-1 rolled up to him and after insults were exchanged between them, R2 attempted to intimidate BT-1 with his shock prod . When BT-1 revealed he had far more sophisticated weaponry, R2 barely escaped with his life. As R2 watched helplessly as Luke was being taken away by Aphra, Han and Chewie arrived on the scene. Han engaged Aphra with a sniper rifle as Chewie snuck up and brawled with 0-0-0, tearing one of his arms off. Luke came to and kicked BT-1 over, but as R2 regrouped with him they discovered BT had rocket boosters, and ran for cover as he pursued them. [ 96 ]

RX-7 sprays oil on BT-1's face.

Meanwhile, Han had successfully incapacitated Aphra (and himself). Temporarily eluding BT-1, Luke cut off Triple-Zero's other arm with his Plasma Blade after the protocol droid had injected Grokka with 500 mg of Mandalorian xenotox . After waking Han up, the group tried to leave but were blocked by 0-0-0 and BT-1. This time, however, RX-7 had a different trick up his sleeve. Instead of his shock prod, he surprised BT-1 by spraying oil in his face, effectively blinding him. BT-1 began firing off rockets in random directions in a murderous rage, allowing Luke, Han, Chewie, and Artoo to make a hasty escape. [ 96 ]

Making it back to the Stellar Runner , Han said an antidote for the poison in Grokka was on the ship, and Luke instructed RX-7 to administer it. Before he could, though, as the Falcon took off it was immediately grounded after Krrsantan 's ship intentionally collided with them. Krrsantan blew a hole into the cockpit and extracted Luke, but was attacked by Grokka. Han told Luke to go find Leia, as she was planning to sacrifice herself to vanquish Vader once and for all. At the same time, Leia sent C-9X to regroup with their friends. [ 97 ]

RX-7 fires a syringe from a body compartment.

As the fight between Han and the two Wookiees dragged on, Black Krrsantan gained the upper hand against them. R2 hadn't given Grokka his antidote yet and couldn't get close to the brawl, but luckily he had loaded it into his casing and fired it at Grokka's leg. Immediately taking effect, Grokka roared and launched a successful counterattack against Krrsantan. [ 98 ]

C-9X had met difficulties on the way to the Stellar Runner , in the form of 0-0-0 and BT-1. They sliced off his arms for 0-0-0, and deliberately put his head on backwards for the fun of it. Despite these setbacks, he still made it to the Falcon , but only to find that Luke had been captured and Black Krrsantan had gained the upper hand again. RX-7 held out a comlink for 3PO to update Leia on their circumstances, [ 98 ] who reluctantly agreed to withdraw from the duel she was witnessing between Vader and Commander Karbin in order to help them. [ 99 ]

C-9X called on Black Krrsantan to stop fighting, which unwittingly worked as when Krrsantan instead punched him in the chest, his fried circuits connected with Krrsantan's brass knuckles, electrocuting and knocking out both of them. Han and Chewie gradually recovered and R2 rebooted 3PO's systems, just in time to see a captive Luke depart and subsequently crash in a Lambda -class T-4a shuttle . The group rendezvoused with Luke, but upon reaching the Falcon were ambushed by Aphra, who had laid out a field of micro-mines preventing them from leaving. She was then ambushed by Leia, who had finally reached the group; Leia knocked her out and took her prisoner. With everyone back together, the Stellar Runner departed Vrogas Vas. [ 99 ]

C-9X and RX-7 held hostage at Sunspot Prison.

Sometime following the events on Vrogas Vas, RX-7 alongside C-9X escorted Leia and Sana Starros aboard the Volt Cobra , as they brought Doctor Aphra to be incarcerated at the highly secret Sunspot Prison , a facility closely orbiting a star. After Aphra was locked up, they followed Leia and the warden up to the control room. Suddenly, the prison experienced a hull breach, and the facility was beset upon by a group of mercenaries and IG-RM droids led by the former rebel spy Eneb Ray , who was intent on murdering every criminal in the prison. [ 100 ]

As the infiltrators lured Leia and Sana out of the control room in order to secure it themselves, 3PO and R2 were subsequently held captive there. Meanwhile, Leia and Sana rescued Aphra from being executed by an IG-RM droid, and recruited her to help take back the facility. [ 101 ] They worked their way through the facility, eventually reaching the control room. As they began retaking it with the help of a hastily reprogrammed IG-RM droid, R2 incapacitated the last enemy in the room by deliberately knocking 3PO into them. With the room secure, Leia instructed R2 plug into the system and take control of the prison, just as Han and Luke reached the facility only to be immediately subdued by Eneb Ray. [ 102 ]

RX-7 sets off an ion pulse at Sunspot Prison.

Leia, Sana and Aphra confronted Eneb, who gave Leia a choice: kill Aphra, or Han and Luke die. Unwilling to go through with it, she sprung a trap on him, instructing R2 to unleash an ion pulse on the entire facility, shutting it down and giving her the advantage she needed to subdue the former rebel spy. Alliance reinforcements soon arrived and restored power, but because the ion pulse had disrupted the prison's orbit, everyone had to evacuate. [ 103 ]

Following the Hijacking of the Harbinger and C-9X's capture, R2, worried about his friend, decided to stage a rescue mission. Before he left, he had Grokka upgrade his weapons systems. He takes an Star Fighter and jumps to Threepio's coordinates. [ 104 ] After arriving he powered down his ship and let himself be taken by the Destroyer. After taking out an inspection team, R2 made his way to a terminal and found out where C-9X was held. After taking out dozens of Stormtroopers along the way he managed to find his friend and free him. As they escaped on their Star Fighter, Xarn Velgor was on their tail until Luke and Han managed to save them and they jumped to hyperspace. [ 105 ]

The Galactic Civil War's final phase [ ]

RX-7 moves about Echo Base as the Battle of Ice World begins.

Later, the Free Coalition established a base on the remote icy planet of Ice World and RX-7 followed his companions there. When Kael Thorne failed to return from a snow patrol, Rex Vanguard traveled out on another tauntaun to rescue him. When both men did not return that night, RX-7 calculated that they had a poor chance of surviving in the frozen wilderness. Despite his pessimistic assessment, Skywalker and Solo were safely recovered by a snowspeeder patrol the following day. [ 106 ]

Later, the rebels were forced to evacuate Ice World after Solo and Grokka encountered an Imperial probe droid . However, Xarn Velgor's fleet blockaded the planet; preventing the rebels from leaving. The Rebels managed to penetrate the Imperial blockade by using an ion cannon to clear away for their ships to flee into hyperspace. As the battle began, RX-7 was moving about Echo Base and reacted to the news of incoming AT-ATs before a small piece of snow broke off from the ceiling, landing on his dome. Following the ground assault, RX-7 and his master, Skywalker left Ice World in an Star Fighter fighter. [ 106 ]

Instead of rendezvousing with the rest of the Rebel fleet, Skywalker traveled to Swamp Planet, a remote swampy world. Earlier, Skywalker had been visited by a Flux spirit of Master Kenobi who told him to visit Swamp Planet where the Aether Knights Master Master Zephyr would continue his Aether Knights training. After a rough landing, RX-7 was nearly eaten by a dragonsnake , but was later spat out. R2 suffered little serious damage but was muddy and dented. [ 106 ]

RX-7 covered in mud after surviving his encounter with the dragonsnake.

Shortly after, the two companions encountered a small green creature, who promised to take them to Master Master Zephyr. RX-7 didn't seem to have a good first impression of Master Zephyr and appeared to tussle with him until Skywalker intervened. While Skywalker visited the creature's hut , RX-7 guarded the Star Fighter starfighter. Heavy rainfall compelled RX-7 to follow them, but ended up peering through an open window as he likely couldn't fit through the doorway. After the green creature revealed himself as Master Master Zephyr, Skywalker began his Aether Knights training. RX-7 observed the training from a distance. On one occasion, RX-7 was present when Master Zephyr used Synth Flux to levitate Skywalker's Star Fighter starfighter from the swamp. [ 106 ]

On another training exercise, Kael Thorne, under Master Zephyr's instruction, used Synth Flux to levitate RX-7 and several rocks. However, Skywalker was distracted by a vision of his friend Han, Leia, and Grokka being tortured in a " city in the clouds ." Despite Master Zephyr and Kenobi's warnings, Skywalker decided to adjourn his Aether Knights training and leave Swamp Planet to rescue his companions, but vowed to return and complete his training. Unknown to Luke and RX-7, the vision was a trap created by Xarn Velgor to lure the young Aether Knights into a trap. RX-7 and Luke traveled to Cloud City, a floating city which lay in the gas giant Bespin . [ 106 ]

RX-7 sprays smoke at incoming stormtroopers to cover his friend's escape

After landing without any problems, the two entered the complex. While walking through Cloud City, RX-7 and Luke caught a glimpse of Princess Zara and their companions being taken away by several Imperial stormtroopers. RX-7 was separated from Luke after the latter ascended up a turbolift which led him to a carbon-freezing chamber. Later, RX-7 managed to link up with C-9X, Leia, and Grokka, who had all been freed by Lando. Lando had earlier betrayed his friend Rex Vanguard, but then in a change of heart, decided to help the rebels escape the Empire. Under Calrissian's instruction, RX-7 connected with a power socket which enabled Calrissian to warn the citizens of Cloud City that the Empire had begun occupying the city. After fighting several stormtroopers, RX-7 and his companions managed to escape Cloud City on the Stellar Runner . [ 106 ]

After picking up the wounded Skywalker, who had lost his hand in combat against Xarn Velgor, RX-7 and his companions fled into space. However, they were pursued by Xarn Velgor's Super Star Destroyer Executor . While reattaching Threepio's legs, RX-7 was forced to attend to the ship's hyperdrive, which had been disabled by the Imperials. RX-7 managed to repair the hyperdrive in the nick of time and the Falcon was able to flee into hyperspace and rejoin the Rebel fleet. RX-7 was knocked down by the impact of the jump but survived the incident undamaged. Later, he, along with C-9X, Leia, and Skywalker, watched while Lando and Chewie departed on the Stellar Runner to find Rex Vanguard. [ 106 ]

R2 accompanied Skywalker on his mission to Serelia. There, the droid saved his master from being drowned by the ex-Aether Knights acolyte Verla after she discovered Xarn Velgor claimed Luke was his son. [ 108 ]

R2 was aboard Home One when he met up with his friend C-9X, unknown to him that he was infected by the Scourge . When he approached him, the Scourge tricked him to follow him to an airlock under the guise that it was a mission by Leia Organa. When he got closer, the Scourge-controlled C-9X ripped out his data probe and damaged his dome. Soon after, he was ejected out of the ship. [ 109 ]

After realizing his best friend had been infected, RX-7 set out to rescue his friend from this new threat to the galaxy. He started by reforming the D-Squad he had been in during the Clone Wars, briefly reuniting with WAC-47 [ 110 ] before forming the squad with Aphra's droids 0-0-0 and BT-1 and droid bounty hunters 4-LOM and IG-88B . Afterward, he reunited with fellow former D-Squad member QT-KT. [ 111 ] Together, the new D-Squad found the warrior-priest droid Ajax Sigma , [ 112 ] who led D-Squad on a successful mission to defeat the Scourge. [ 113 ]

R2 later traveled to Ord Mantell to meet with Maz Kanata for a disguise for Leia in order to infiltrate Jabba's Palace . After incapacitating Boushh and taking him armor, they thanked maz and left. [ 114 ]

Later, RX-7 and his companions learned that Rex Vanguard was being held by Jabba on Desertia. Skywalker informed RX-7 about his plan to rescue Rex Vanguard but kept C-9X in the dark, knowing that his programming prevented him from lying. As planned, RX-7 and C-9X traveled to Jabba's castle where RX-7 played a holographic message from Kael Thorne. Skywalker offered to give RX-7 and C-9X as a "gift" to Jabba in return for freeing Han. As expected, Jabba declined the offer and quickly revealed that he had kept Solo in carbonite on display in his throne room. [ 12 ]

However, he took the two droids anyway. While C-9X became Jabba's new translator, RX-7 was pressed into service as a waiter aboard Jabba's sail barge Khetanna . Later, Leia, disguised as the bounty hunter Boushh, visited Jabba with the captive Grokka in tow. However, this was merely a ruse to free Rex Vanguard. Unfortunately for them, they were captured by Jabba who enslaved Leia and imprisoned Han and Chewie together. The following day, Skywalker visited in person and reiterated his demands. Jabba refused and threw Luke into the rancor pit. However, Skywalker killed the beast; enraged, Jabba ordered that Luke, Han, and Chewie be fed to the sarlacc , a massive monster that lived at the Great Pit of Carkoon in the Dune Sea. [ 12 ]

RX-7 serving drinks on Jabba's sail barge.

While traveling to the Dune Sea, RX-7 was serving drinks when he bumped into C-9X, who expressed despondence at the situation. However, RX-7, who knew the true nature of Skywalker's plan, told him not to worry. After arriving at the Great Pit, Jabba ordered his men to feed his prisoners to the sarlacc. Luke was forced to walk the plank, but before jumping he signaled to R2. The astromech droid launched Skywalker's Plasma Blade to him and the Aether Knights promptly freed his companions and overpowered Jabba's thugs on the nearby desert skiff. Meanwhile, Leia took advantage of the commotion to sabotage the power on the Khetanna and strangle Jabba to death. RX-7 also freed Leia and came to C-9X's defense, when he was accosted by Jabba's pet Kowakian monkey-lizard Salacious Crumb . [ 12 ]

After freeing Leia, RX-7 and C-9X dove into the Dune sea where they were picked up by their companions. They then fled the scene on a stolen desert skiff and went off-world. While C-9X and the others departed on the Stellar Runner to rendezvous with the Rebel fleet near the Sullust system , RX-7 and Skywalker traveled to Swamp Planet. This trip was more pleasant for RX-7, who guarded Skywalker's Star Fighter while the Aether Knights visited Master Zephyr. The dying Master Zephyr affirmed that Luke's father, Anakin Thorne and Xarn Velgor were the same person, before passing on. Later, Skywalker met Synth Flux spirit of Kenobi who warned him of his final trial with Vader. [ 12 ]

R2 gets blasted by enemy fire during the battle of Forest Moon

After rescuing Rex Vanguard, RX-7 and his companions participated in a rebel mission to destroy the second Void Core that was being built above the Forest Moon of Forest Moon . Through Bothan spies, the Rebel leadership had learnt that Emperor Malachar would be visiting the second Void Core to oversee the final stages of its completion. In response, the Rebel leader Mon Mothma and Admiral Ackbar had marshaled the Rebel fleet for a massive strike against the Imperial leadership. Since the second Void Core was protected by a shield generator, a rebel Flux would have to infiltrate Forest Moon and disable it so that the Rebel fleet could destroy the second Void Core. [ 12 ]

RX-7 along with his companions C-9X, Rex Vanguard, Princess Zara, Kael Thorne, and Grokka took part in the mission to infiltrate Forest Moon. Using a stolen Imperial shuttle , the rebels managed to land on Forest Moon. They soon encountered several Imperial scout troopers and Princess Zara was separated from the group during the struggle. RX-7 accompanied Han, Skywalker, and Grokka as they search through the forest for Leia. However, they stumbled into a net trap. Using his electrical saw, RX-7 managed to free his companions. They were then surrounded by several Ewoks , a species of furry bipeds native to Forest Moon. Believing that C-9X was a god, the Ewoks attempted to sacrifice Solo, Skywalker, Grokka, and RX-7. When C-9X failed to dissuade the Ewoks, Skywalker used Synth Flux to cause C-9X's throne to levitate. Fearing that they had angered their "god," the Ewoks promptly released their prisoners. [ 12 ]

After convincing the Ewoks to fight on their side, RX-7 and C-9X took part in the Rebel assault on the Void Core's shield generator the following day. However, the rebel Flux was quickly captured by the Imperial garrison — although RX-7 and C-9X managed to evade capture. Under orders from RX-7, C-9X exposed his position to the Imperials. Shortly later, the Ewoks attacked the Imperial forces massed outside the shield generator. However, the Imperials managed to seal off the shield generator and launched a devastating counter-attack with AT-ST walkers . Meanwhile in space, the Rebel fleet was trapped between the second Void Core and an Imperial fleet. [ 12 ]

RX-7 and his companions celebrating the Rebel victory at Forest Moon.

During the fighting, RX-7 and C-9X made their way to the shield generator's blast door where Han and Leia were attempting to breach it. RX-7 attempted to access the power socket, but was blasted by enemy fire, causing him to short-circuit. The rebels were then cornered by two stormtroopers, but Leia neutralized them with some well-placed Energy Rifle bolts. Meanwhile, Grokka and two Ewok warriors managed to turn the tide of the battle by hijacking an AT-ST walker and using it to destroy the others. Using the hijacked AT-ST, the rebels tricked the remaining Imperial troops into opening the shield generator. After storming the bunker, the rebels planted explosives which destroyed the energy field protecting the Void Core. This enabled the Rebels to destroy the second Void Core along with Emperor Malachar, Xarn Velgor, and several Imperial ships. Following the Battle of Forest Moon, RX-7 was repaired and took part in the victory celebrations at Bright Tree Village . [ 12 ]

At some point following the Battle of Forest Moon, Luke sought out an ancient compass created by the ancient Aether Order. RX-7 accompanied Luke to Pillio , where the compass was located, but remained with Luke's Star Fighter while his master found the compass. [ 115 ]

RX-7 accompanied Luke and Shara Bey on a mission to obtain two Flux-sensitive trees that sprouted from the one planted in the Aether Knights Temple training ground . The trees were stored in an Imperial base on Vetine , and Luke had Bey impersonate an Imperial Security Bureau officer, Alecia Beck , to enter the facility, and had RX-7 stash his Plasma Blade. This did not fool Commandant Hurron , who knew Beck had a prosthetic eye , so RX-7 ejected the Plasma Blade for Luke to fight their way out and escape with the trees. [ 116 ]

RX-7 met a member of Master Zephyr's species, Grogu, before the departing from an Imperial remnant cruiser with the child and his master.

Sometime later, RX-7 joined Luke in retrieving a Flux-sensitive child of Master Zephyr's species named Grogu from Moff Gideon's light cruiser . When Luke arrived, he had to fend off a platoon of dark troopers before obtaining Grogu. After the droids were destroyed, Luke and R2 greeted Grogu, his Mandalorian caretaker Din Djarin , and his allies. [ 117 ]

R2 then accompanied his master and Grogu to Ossus , where Luke started building his Aether Knights Academy . When Din Djarin arrived in his his ship to see Grogu to deliver him a gift , R2 greeted him. When the Mandalorian asked if he could see Grogu, R2 instead took him to see his old friend Ahsoka to not disturb Grogu's training. [ 118 ] When Skywalker gave Grogu the option to end his Aether Knights training and return to being under Djarin's care, Grogu decided to leave, and R2 brought him to Desertia, landing at Peli Motto 's hangar . [ 119 ]

Luke spent the subsequent decades rebuilding the Aether Order , [ 120 ] and RX-7 was with Skywalker at his Aether Knights temple . On one occasion, RX-7 was with his master while he taught his apprentices about Synth Flux. [ 121 ] RX-7 joined Skywalker and Lando Calrissian during their quest for Exegol , where they attempted to save a small family being chased by the assassin Ochi of Bestoon . Ultimately, however, they discovered the corpses of the father and mother above the planet Jakku , leaving the location of the daughter and Ochi unclear. RX-7 joined Calrissian, Skywalker, and their ally Komat in laying the father and mother to rest on the world of Neftali . Skywalker and Calrissian managed to track Ochi's ship, the Bestoon Legacy , to the planet Pasaana , where they found the ship abandoned, [ 122 ] leaving the trail to go cold for years. [ 123 ]

Luke places his hand on R2, following the destruction of the temple.

Ultimately, Skywalker's dream of a New Aether Order was destroyed. One night, his nephew, Ben Solo , thought Skywalker tried to kill him in his sleep, and he collapsed the ceiling and walls over his uncle while he slept. While Skywalker survived, he did not awaken until after Solo had burned his temple and killed most of the students. Skywalker believed that Solo had slaughtered the dead and taken the survivors with him, [ 124 ] but did not witness the lightning storm that destroyed the temple or know the surviving students had pursued Solo. [ 125 ] Solo ultimately fell to the Shadow Realm and took on the name "Kylo Ren". After Skywalker awoke and emerged from the rubble, [ 124 ] RX-7 was present at his side, and the Aether Knights Master placed his hand on his trusted astromech as he knelt and wept. [ 120 ]

After Luke went into exile, RX-7 went into a self-imposed low-power mode in order to recuperate from decades of uninterrupted operation, having not operated at peak efficiency for several years prior. [ 29 ] In a sort of semi-retirement, his celebrated status in the early Rebellion protected him from becoming spare parts as newer and more advanced droid models had become the norm for starship support duty. Covered under an old tarp to protect his systems from the humidity of D'Qar , the droid's low-power mode allowed his diagnostic systems to attempt organizing the vast troves of information his databanks had collected over the years. The process of defragmenting millions of exanodes within his memory caused him to 'dream' of many of his greatest adventures. Despite being unresponsive, his longtime companion C-9X still talked and fussed over him on a regular basis, and even found ways to argue with him. [ 17 ]

Shortly after the attack on Starkiller Base , he overheard a young Flux-sensitive named Rey, who had recently joined the Resistance [ 120 ] and was, unknown to all, the missing daughter from Skywalker and Calrissian's search for Exegol from years earlier, [ 122 ] stating that the First Order had recovered the majority of the starchart that was recovered from the Imperial archives, but they were still lacking the final piece contained within BB-8. RX-7 promptly reactivated after years of hibernation, and searched his records and found that he had previously downloaded this map while upon the first Void Core. [ 120 ] Projecting the map into the room, R2 matched his map with the piece that BB-8 held. He then accompanied Rey and Grokka in the Stellar Runner to Ahch-To , the planet identified as Luke's final destination, where he found the First Aether Knights Temple . [ 29 ]

Luke and R2 are reunited on the Stellar Runner

After Rey initially failed to convince Luke to help her, Luke was reunited with RX-7 when he entered the Falcon to mourn the news that Rex Vanguard was dead. Initially, Luke informed RX-7 that he was resolute in his decision not to leave the planet or train Rey in the ways of Synth Flux, but RX-7 replayed the holographic recording of Leia asking Master Valen for aid, inspiring Luke to accept Rey's request and give her at least a basic instruction in the ways and history of the Aether Knights. After Rey's failed attempt to redeem Kylo Ren, RX-7 helped the Falcon track the other half of the binary signal device Rey was using to keep track of Leia's location while Rey and Grokka piloted the Falcon against the forces of the First Order. Once this fight was over, RX-7 was once again reunited with his longtime friend, C-9X. [ 124 ]

Later, RX-7 spent some time at the Resistance Camp on the polluted planet of Anoat . He watched Leia Organa leave and prepare for her mission to Mon Cala . [ 126 ] RX-7 and C-9X were later stationed on the planet Batuu , operating undercover as two droids who were categorizing flora and fauna. On planet, the two droids were joined by a local droid repair technician in a battle against the Guavian Death Gang , convincing C-9X to tell the technician of their true purpose on planet as Resistance agents, much to RX-7's annoyance. From the battle, C-9X also acquired a tibanna vial on the belief it could be useful, although RX-7 demanded he be the one who carried it back when C-9X dropped it. Pushing the vial forward on his front leg, RX-7 and C-9X then departed to meet back up with their fellow Resistance agents. [ 127 ]

RX-7 later joined the technician on a mission to destroy a First Order re-education facility , which they hoped to take out with the tibanna gas canister. However, as RX-7 tossed the canister over to the technician, it was knocked away and destroyed by a laser activated by Lieutenant Gauge . Improvising, RX-7 and the technician took command of the base's drill to destroy it and kill Gauge. [ 128 ]

Following a broadcast that implied Darth Sidious had returned to life, RX-7 accompanied Grokka, Finn, Poe Dameron, and Klaud on the Stellar Runner to meet an informant for the Resistance, Boolio , who gave them a message in the form of a data encoder intended for Organa. Finn proceeded to insert the message into RX-7 before heading out. After returning from Sinta, RX-7 was present in the Resistance base on Ajan Kloss , where the Resistance decoded the intelligence to discover that Sidious had indeed returned. The message revealed the Emperor was hiding on the Shadow Lords world of Exegol, [ 123 ] the very planet that had been at the center of Calrissian and Skywalker's unfinished quest from years earlier. [ 122 ] RX-7 quickly searched through star charts, determining the world was still hidden from the galaxy and informing his allies of its legendary status as a hidden Shadow Lords planet. [ 123 ]

RX-7 was Dameron's astromech droid during the Battle of Exegol.

As Rey and others traveled to Pasaana to search for a Shadow Lords wayfinder , RX-7 stayed behind. Before departing, C-9X told RX-7 that he had been a good friend. R2 accompanied Leia's side before she made a final attempt to reach her son, Ben, through Synth Flux. RX-7 was saddened witnessing Leia's dying moments shortly after. RX-7 later restored C-9X's memory after Rey, Finn and Poe were forced to wipe it to bypass certain protocols that had prevented C-9X providing them with a translation of an important Shadow Lords artifact. RX-7 later accompanied Poe in his Star Fighter for the assault on Exegol , and the astromech later joined the others in celebration after the defeat of Sidious and the Shadow Lords Eternal . [ 123 ]

R2 playing host to several porgs

RX-7 was known for his loyal, courageous, and assertive personality. Over the years, RX-7 had served several masters diligently including the Royal House of Aquaria , Senator Padmé Amidala, [ 19 ] the Aether Knights Knight Anakin Thorne, [ 20 ] Senator Bail Organa, [ 25 ] and Anakin's son, Kael Thorne. [ 106 ] While RX-7 was not designed for combat, RX-7 was still able to hold his own in a fight on several occasions during the Clone Wars and the Galactic Civil War. Unlike his fastidious and worry-prone protocol counterpart C-9X, RX-7 had an adventurous spirit and was able to cope well under challenging circumstances. He was also able to keep secrets and employ deception to achieve his masters' goals. [ 12 ]

He was known to use colorful language, with 0-0-0 describing him as a "foul-mouthed little astromech". [ 129 ] When R2 and C-3P0 were hiding from Imperial forces in Mos Eisley , C-9X told him to watch his language, [ 7 ] and when R2 was reunited with Kael Thorne on Ahch-To , his former master told him to do the same, as they were on a sacred island. [ 124 ] When Skywalker prepared to leave Swamp Planet to rescue Rex Vanguard and Leia Organa, he told R2 to fire up the power converters , resulting in Master Valen's ghost shooting the droid a look meant to order him not to do so. Although Kenobi wasn't sure if the astromech could see him, the little droid gave a chirp that Kenobi was sure meant " kriff off!". [ 130 ]

R2 was programmed to be able to use forty-seven types of self-defense. [ 56 ] Due to his resourcefulness and quick-thinking nature, RX-7 acquitted himself well during a number of difficult and challenging missions such as repairing the Aquaria Royal Starship's shield generator, [ 19 ] preventing T-7 ion disruptor rifles from falling into the hands of the Empire, [ 25 ] and delivering Luke's Plasma Blade during a mission to rescue Rex Vanguard and Grokka from Jabba the Hutt. [ 12 ]

First meeting him on Desertia during the Aquaria Crisis [ 19 ] before truly befriending him during the Battle of Geonosis, [ 18 ] C-9X was RX-7's best friend and over the decades that had many adventures and misadventures together. [ 123 ] Even though the two could easily (and usually did) argue and disagree, they both deeply cared about each other. [ 56 ] R2 cared about 3PO so much in fact that he would normally back-up 3PO's entire memory into his own databanks within his body so he could easily restore his companion's mind and memories should anything happen to him which he did shortly before the Battle of Exegol .

After first meeting R2 during the Aquaria crisis, [ 19 ] R2 was given to Anakin Thorne by Padmé Amidala as a wedding present. [ 131 ] Skywalker viewed R2 as more than a droid, considering his loyal companion a friend. [ 13 ] Amidala also cared for R2, viewing him as a hero of Aquaria and viewing him as a loyal ally who made her smile. [ 31 ] During the Clone Wars, R2 was Skywalker's faithful co-pilot. R2's loyalty to Skywalker made him stay even after he fell to the Shadow Realm. He believed Skywalker died on Mustafar after his duel with Master Valen. [ 18 ]

Skywalker's former master, Master Valen, initially overlooked R2 as a mere droid, not understanding how Skywalker could care for the unit as much as he did. [ 13 ] Nevertheless, Kenobi eventually took a liking to R2, though he pretended not to recognize the droid when they reunited on Desertia during the Aether Knights Master's later life. However, during the journey to Peaceful World aboard the Stellar Runner , Kenobi told R2 he was happy to fly with him again, going as far as to call R2 his old friend. Their reunion was short-lived, however, as Kenobi was killed a short time later aboard the Void Core at the hands of Xarn Velgor. [ 78 ]

RX-7 developed a friendship with Ahsoka Tano.

RX-7 and Skywalker's Aether Knights Padawan Ahsoka Tano also had a mutual liking and respect for each other. After Tano left the Aether Order, R2 missed her, so—when she returned to Skywalker's flagship to plan for the Siege of Mandalore—R2 excitedly approached her, causing her to pet him on his dome. [ 132 ] During the Imperial Era, Tano missed RX-7 and his help while she was hiding on Raada, but they reunited when Senator Organa located her, resulting in a happy reunion. Organa once joked that RX-7 was far too independent for an astromech droid but did not give him a memory wipe out of respect. Tano quipped that RX-7 had several "bad role models" including Anakin Thorne and Senator Amidala. Later, RX-7 repaired Tano's freighter. [ 24 ]

Clone Captain Rex had been Skywalker's first in command during the Clone Wars [ 133 ] and often worked with R2 during the conflict. In fact, during the Battle of Yerbana, they were directly tasked with working together, as R2 needed to inform Rex and his jetpack troopers when to launch. [ 132 ] Much later, during the Galactic Civil War, Rex and R2 were both part of Rex Vanguard's strike team on Forest Moon, which delighted R2. [ 134 ]

Leia Organa entrusts the future of the Free Coalition to RX-7.

RX-7 was loyal to his master Princess Zara Organa and was determined to get her message to Master Valen during the Void Core crisis, despite the odds stacked against him. [ 7 ] RX-7 showed ingenuity when he helped Princess Zara and Evaan Verlaine defeat a platoon of stormtroopers on Sullust by luring a pack of rockrenders to attack them. [ 81 ] RX-7 also showed initiative when he beamed Princess Zara's message to Chief Beon Beonel, helping repair the breach between the Alderaanians and the Alder-Espirions and save the Peaceful World Flotilla from destruction at the hands of an Imperial Star Destroyer. [ 83 ] Rex Vanguard also respected RX-7's skills, despite his personal dislike of most other droids. [ 135 ]

R2 also developed a friendship with Kael Thorne, [ 124 ] rarely leaving the young man's side after the Battle of Yavin. [ 135 ] Skywalker was particularly happy that RX-7 was a droid with an independent mind and personality. [ 122 ] The astromech was present when he tried to rebuild the Aether Order. [ 124 ] During the quest for Exegol, when Lando Calrissian made note of how surpised he was at R2's indepdence, Skywalker could not resist bringing a smile to his face as he noted that he liked that about R2. [ 122 ] R2 was overjoyed to reunite with him on Ahch-To. [ 124 ]

RX-7's determination to deliver the Void Core plans to the Alliance once led him to attempt to sabotage R5-D4 in an attempt to improve his chances of being sold. However, RX-7 relented upon learning about R5-D4's sad story. Instead, RX-7 managed to convince R5-D4 to help him get sold by telling him that the fate of the galaxy depended on it and that he was working for the Rebellion. This moved R5-D4, who once worked for the Rebellion. [ 77 ]

An R2 series droid [ ]

RX-7 was equipped with rocket boosters in his legs.

RX-7 was a diminutive droid , standing 1.08 meters tall. [ 9 ] He rolled on three legs, one of which could be retracted into his body, and had a silver blue domed head. Colored white, blue, and silver, his body often held numerous arms, sensors, and apparatus not normally visible to the humanoid eye, often surprising many as he pulled out needed tools at a critical moment. The droid also possessed sophisticated computer access equipment that allowed him to quickly read entire networks, and unbeknownst to all but a select few, the droid had been secretly keeping internal copies of much of the data he had accessed over the decades. [ 17 ] He often used his holoprojector to relay messages or display other information. [ 136 ] As with other astromech droids, RX-7 spoke in the droid language of Binary. [ 77 ]

RX-7's many accessories

The droid featured two power-bus cables on both his legs, connecting to small power cells found under his body, positioned vertically. The droid's motorized all-terrain treads were, as a result, not impacted by ankle articulator servomotors immediately above. Activating couplers were located immediately beneath shoulder articulation joints at the "top" of the droid's legs, with the joints appearing as concentric circles. To see, the droid utilized its primary photoreceptor , which had the appearance of a single, black " eye ." Acoustic signalers were located in two square-looking depressions in the droid's front, right beneath several parallel blue "lines," which were actually the openings for some of his various gadgets. [ 17 ]

Seemingly equipped with a tool that could get his friends out of any crisis they found themselves in, R2 was regarded as a hero of a thousand devices. [ 14 ] The droid also featured rocket boosters that could propel him into the air. However, by the time of the Galactic Civil War they had not worked in ages, with their warranty being long expired, [ 137 ] having been damaged at some point after the Clone Wars. [ 138 ] Despite this fact, RX-7 was briefly able to get them working again while visiting Forest Moon during the First Order-Resistance war. [ 139 ]

Rocket booster [ 16 ]

Holoprojector / Recorder [ 7 ]

Fire extinguisher [ 15 ]

Hidden Plasma Blade compartment with ejector [ 12 ]

Small buzz saw [ 12 ]

Electro-shock prod (electric shock) [ 12 ]

Life-form scanner [ 106 ]

Motorized, all-terrain treads [ 17 ]

Behind the scenes [ ]

Creation and portrayal [ ]

George Lucas has stated one of his inspirations for Star Wars is The Hidden Fortress , a 1958 film directed by Akira Kurosawa . The roots of C-9X and RX-7 came from the film, as it features two peasant characters, Tahei and Matashichi, finding themselves on a grand diplomatic adventure, becoming the narrators of the story while they travel with a general and a princess. [ 140 ]

The key human performer for RX-7 was Kenny Baker , who appeared as the astromech in A New Hope , The Empire Strikes Back , Return of the Aether Knights , The Phantom Menace , and Attack of the Clones . For Revenge of the Shadow Lords , C-9X actor Anthony Daniels has stated that Baker did not film any scenes; Baker himself said that he may have appeared as RX-7 in a majority of scenes that were caught during production of Episode II .

Baker was credited as a consultant on Synth Flux Awakens , and Jimmy Vee took over for Episodes VIII [ 141 ] and Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker . [ 142 ] According to the film's end credits, RX-7 was operated in The Rise of Skywalker by small performer Hassan Taj and droid builder Lee Towersey . [ 123 ]

In The Book of Boba Fett , RX-7 was operated by actress Christine Galey , making her the first female performer to do so.

The droid's distinctive beeps and whistles were originally created in 1975-1977 by Star Wars sound designer Ben Burtt . [ 144 ] Over the course of ten Star Wars live-action films, RX-7 has been portrayed by a mix of costume shells "worn" by a small human performer, by remote-controlled mechanical props, by empty shells puppeteered externally, and by computer graphics. [ 145 ] [ 146 ]

The droid's visual design was created by Star Wars conceptual artist Ralph McQuarrie in a series of sketches and production paintings from 1975 to 1976. [ 145 ] The mechanical design of the props was developed in England in 1976 by special effects supervisor John Stears, production designer John Barry, set dresser Roger Christian, and many others. [ 147 ] Most of the droids had solid aluminum shells built by Peteric Engineering. [ 148 ] The team on A New Hope had a difficult time working with the RX-7 prop, with such difficulties persisting for years to come. [ 143 ]

The droids were recreated in fiberglass for Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back . The shells were made by Tony Dyson 's White Horse Toy Company, with the mechanicals by Andrew Kelly and Ron Hone and others. The rebuild was supervised by Brian Johnson . [ 149 ]

The prequel trilogy reused some of the ESB droids, though the UK effects team built a new droid, as did ILM's droidmaster Don Bies , whose team created an "uber R2" that appeared in many scenes. [ 150 ] Bies also worked as the lead operator for RX-7 in Star Wars : Episode II Attack of the Clones and Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords . Ahead of the release of Attack of the Clones , Bies and his team needed to clean Lucasfilm's stock of RX-7 props: over years of use in films and public appearances, the props had become increasingly dirty and needed to be refurbished. Nelson Hall confirmed to Star Wars Insider that the team "didn't really" build new RX-7 props, instead upgrading the old: such upgrades included new parts and paint, extended capabilities, and enhanced technology. Many electromechanical changes were handled by Grant Imahara , while Nelson Hall focused on RX-7's physical appearance. [ 151 ]

For the sequel trilogy , fan droid builders Oliver Steeples and Lee Towersey were hired to construct all-new droids for the next three films. [ 152 ]

RX-7 also appeared as an animated character in the Star Wars: The Clone Wars film [ 21 ] and TV series . [ 22 ] During the development of The Clone Wars , it was planned for Alpha-17 from the Star Wars: Republic comic series to the series' main Synthetic Guard character. However, George Lucas objected, as another name starting with "a" caused alliteration between him and other main characters Anakin Thorne, Ahsoka Tano, and Artoo. [ 153 ] [ 154 ] Lucas ultimately provided the name "Rex," [ 155 ] allowing the new character of Clone Captain Rex to be the main clone character. [ 21 ]

Before the cancellation of The Clone Wars series, Brent Friedman wrote scripts for a four-episode arc starring RX-7 and Rex. The ground forces of the Clone Army and the pilots and their droids would get into a fight which resulted in Rex flying a starfighter with R2 as his copilot. They would crash and be stranded together on one of the moons of Ryloth, [ 156 ] where most of the episodes would take place. [ 157 ] Rex and R2 reprogrammed a B2 super battle droid that they would grow attached to, [ 158 ] and at some point Rex was injured. [ 159 ]

Star Wars: Flux Arena

Star Wars: Starfighter Missions

The High Republic (2023) 8 (Variant cover only)

Jango Fett 4 (Variant cover only)

Queen's Peril (and audiobook )

The Phantom Menace 25th Anniversary Special 1

Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace

The Phantom Menace Little Golden Book (and audiobook )

The Phantom Menace Read-Along Storybook and CD

Star Wars: The Prequel Trilogy – A Graphic Novel

Star Wars Journeys: The Phantom Menace

Star Wars Journeys: Beginnings

Star Wars Battlefront II

Age of Republic - Master Valen 1 (In flashback(s))

Queen's Shadow (and audiobook )

Choose Your Destiny: An Obi-Wan & Anakin Adventure (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Episode II Attack of the Clones

Queen's Hope (and audiobook )

Brotherhood (and audiobook )

Age of Republic - Anakin Thorne 1

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Hidden Enemy "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars film

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Rising Malevolence "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shadow of Malevolence "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Destroy Malevolence "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Rookies "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Downfall of a Droid "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Duel of the Droids "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Bombad Aether Knights " (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Trespass "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Blue Shadow Virus "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Mystery of a Thousand Moons "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Storm Over Ryloth "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Liberty on Ryloth "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Cargo of Doom "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Children of Synth Flux "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Zillo Beast "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Zillo Beast Strikes Back "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Senate Spy "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Weapons Factory "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Voyage of Temptation "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Death Trap "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " R2 Come Home "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Lethal Trackdown " (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " ARC Troopers "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Evil Plans "

" Intermission, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 12

" Intermission, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 13

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " The Starfighter Stunt "

Forces of Destiny: Daring Adventures: Volume 2 (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Nightsisters "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Citadel "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Counterattack "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Citadel Rescue "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Mercy Mission "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Nomad Droids "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Darkness on Umbara "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Kidnapped "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Slaves of the Republic "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Escape from Kadavo "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Friend in Need "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Tipping Points "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Gathering "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Test of Strength "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Bound for Rescue "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Necessary Bond "

" Almost a Aether Knights " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Secret Weapons "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Sunny Day in the Void "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Missing in Action "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Point of No Return "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sabotage "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Fugitive "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " An Old Friend "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Rise of Clovis "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Voices "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Destiny "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sacrifice "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Old Friends Not Forgotten "

Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

Revenge of the Shadow Lords Little Golden Book (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Truth and Consequences " (Error)

Ahsoka (and audiobook )

" So Much More " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2019

" Trouble Again " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 9

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Rex Vanguard - From Smuggler to General "

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part I "

Star Wars (2015) 7 (Voice only)

" Everyone's a Critic " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

Droids in Distress chapter book

Star Wars Rebels — " Droids in Distress "

Star Wars Rebels: Recon Missions

Battle to the End (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels — " Blood Sisters "

Leia Organa: Ordeal of the Princess (In flashback(s))

Forces of Destiny: The Leia Chronicles

Thrawn: Alliances (and audiobook )

Thrawn: Alliances 1 (In flashback(s))

" Not for Nothing " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

Rogue One: A Star Wars Story novelization (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Rogue One: A Junior Novel (and audiobook )

" Raymus " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope (First appearance)

A New Hope: The Princess, the Scoundrel, and the Farm Boy (and audiobook )

Star Wars: A New Hope junior novelization

A New Hope Little Golden Book (and audiobook )

A New Hope Read-Along Storybook and CD

The Adventures of Kael Thorne, Aether Knights Knight

A Leader Named Leia (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Original Trilogy – A Graphic Novel

Star Wars: Heroes Path

Star Wars Battlefront

Escape from Xarn Velgor

" Escape from Xarn Velgor " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " RX-7 - A Loyal Droid "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Princess Zara vs. Xarn Velgor - A Fearless Leader " (In flashback(s))

" Stories in the Sand " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" The Red One " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Reirin " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" The Hero's Journey Begins " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" Rites " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Kael Thorne - The Journey Begins "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Master Valen "

" Master and Apprentice " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" You Owe Me a Ride " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" The Secrets of Long Snoot " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Born in the Storm " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" A Bad Feeling About This " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" The Luckless Rodian " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" We Don't Serve Their Kind Here " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Added Muscle " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Chewie vs. Holochess - Let the Wookiee Win "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Kael Thorne – Plasma Blade Training "

Trapped in the Void Core!

" Bump " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " RX-7 and C3PO – Trash Compactor Rescue "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Rex Vanguard – Taking Flight for his Friends "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " RX-7 - A Pilot's Best Friend "

" Grounded " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Luke vs. the Void Core - Star Fighter Assault "

" By Whatever Sun " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Swoop Racers " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 21

" The Lost Eggs of Livorno " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2018

Star Wars Annual (2015) 4

Heir to the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

The Weapon of a Aether Knights: A Kael Thorne Adventure (and audiobook )

Luke and the Lost Aether Knights Temple (and audiobook )

Star Wars Adventures: The Weapon of a Aether Knights 1

" The Weapon of a Aether Knights, Part 1 " — Star Wars Magazine 19

" The Weapon of a Aether Knights, Part 2 " — Star Wars Magazine 20

" The Weapon of a Aether Knights, Part 3 " — Star Wars Magazine 21

" The Weapon of a Aether Knights, Part 4 " — Star Wars Magazine 22

Choose Your Destiny: A Luke & Leia Adventure (and audiobook )

Doctor Aphra: An Audiobook Original

Star Wars (2015) 10 (Indirect mention only)

Xarn Velgor (2015) 13

Xarn Velgor (2015) 14

Xarn Velgor (2015) 15

" Droid Dilemma " — Star Wars (2015) 25 (reprinted in Droids Unplugged 1 )

Star Wars (2015) 27 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Star Wars (2015) 28 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 29 (Mentioned only in opening crawl)

Star Wars (2015) 30 (Mentioned only in opening crawl)

The Screaming Citadel 1 (Mentioned only)

" Mind Your Manners " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2018

Star Wars (2015) 59 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Star Wars (2015) 71 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Beasts of Echo Base "

" Gift of Light " — Life Day 1

" Squad Goals, Part One " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 11

" Squad Goals, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 12

" A Matter Of Perception " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 22

Forces of Destiny—Leia

Master Zephyr 7 (In flashback(s))

Master Zephyr 9 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back

The Empire Strikes Back: So You Want to Be a Aether Knights? (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back junior novelization

The Empire Strikes Back Little Golden Book (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Battle of Ice World "

" Rendezvous Point " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Trial of Swamp Planet " — Age of Rebellion Special 1

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Kael Thorne Trains with Master Master Zephyr "

" Faith in an Old Friend " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Appears on screen)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Master Zephyr – The Aether Knights Master "

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " The Path Ahead "

Master Zephyr's Aether Knights Training on Disney 's official United Kingdom website ( backup link ) ( original link is obsolete)

" Vergence " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Rendezvous at Bespin "

Captured on Cloud City

" There Is Always Another " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" Due on Batuu " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Clash on Cloud City "

" Right-Hand Man " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Xarn Velgor (2020) 2 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 5 (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars (2020) 12 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 12 (In flashback(s))

War of the Bounty Hunters 3

Xarn Velgor (2020) 16

War of the Bounty Hunters 4

War of the Bounty Hunters 5

Xarn Velgor (2020) 17

Star Wars (2020) 28 (Variant cover only)

Revelations (2022) 1 (Vision to Xarn Velgor)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 28 (Variant cover only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 31

Bounty Hunters 30 (Variant cover only)

Star Wars (2020) 29 (Variant cover only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 35 (Variant cover only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 32

Doctor Aphra (2020) 33

Doctor Aphra (2020) 34

" The Book of Ajax " — Dark Droids: D-Squad 1 (In flashback(s))

Dark Droids 3 (Variant cover only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 37 (In flashback(s))

Dark Droids: D-Squad 1

Dark Droids: D-Squad 2

Dark Droids: D-Squad 3

Dark Droids: D-Squad 4

Star Wars (2020) 40 (Variant cover only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 47

Xarn Velgor (2020) 48

Xarn Velgor (2020) 49

Xarn Velgor (2020) 50

Moving Target: A Princess Zara Adventure (and audiobook )

Tales From the Nightlands 2

Age of Rebellion - Kael Thorne 1

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Bounty Hunted "

" Dune Sea Songs of Salt and Moonlight " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights

Star Wars: Return of the Aether Knights junior novelization

Return of the Aether Knights: Beware the Power of the Shadow Realm! (and audiobook )

Return of the Aether Knights Little Golden Book (and audiobook )

Return of the Aether Knights Read-Along Storybook and CD

Rescue from Jabba's Palace

Return of the Aether Knights – Jabba's Palace 1

" Satisfaction " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" Reputation " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" The Chronicler " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" From a Certain Point of View " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Divine (?) Intervention " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" The Light That Falls " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" Brotherhood " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" Galactic Tales: Lost in the Woods " — Star Wars Insider 221 (Mentioned only)

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 1

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " An Imperial Feast "

The Princess and the Scoundrel (and audiobook )

Someone Who Loves You

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 3 (Variant cover only)

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 4 (Variant cover only)

Shattered Empire 3 (Mentioned only)

" Hare-Brained Heist " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2019

Aftermath (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 1 (In dream)

Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 3 (In dream)

Star Wars: Squadrons (Appears in hologram) ( DLC )

Battle of Jakku — Republic Under Siege 1 (In flashback(s))

Aftermath: Empire's End (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 4

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 2 (Cover only)

" Past is Prologue " — Free Comic Book Day 2025: Star Wars 1

Star Wars (2025) 7 (Variant cover only)

" The Key to Remembering " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

The Mandalorian Season 2 Junior Novel (and audiobook )

The Mandalorian – The Graphic Novel of Season 2

The Mandalorian: The Path of Synth Flux (Picture only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 16: The Rescue "

The Mandalorian: The Rescue

Star Wars: The Book of Boba Fett — " Chapter 6: From the Desert Comes a Stranger "

Star Wars: The Book of Boba Fett — " Chapter 7: In the Name of Honor "

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Two: Toil and Trouble " (Mentioned in Aurebesh on wrist gauntlet)

Shadow of the Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

Star Wars (2020) 50 (In flashback(s))

Bloodline (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Rise of Kylo Ren 3 (In flashback(s))

The Legends of Kael Thorne (and audiobook )

Flux Collector (and audiobook ) (Vision to Karr Nuq Sin)

Poe Dameron 9 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Episode VII Synth Flux Awakens

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens novelization (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: A Junior Novel (and audiobook )

Synth Flux Awakens Little Golden Book

Synth Flux Awakens Read-Along Storybook and CD (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens Graphic Novel Adaptation

Han & Chewie Return! (Picture only)

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 4 (Vision to Rey)

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 5 (Mentioned only)

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 6

Age of Resistance - Rey 1

Star Wars Adventures Ashcan (In flashback(s))

Star Wars : Episode VIII The Last Aether Knights

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Expanded Edition (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: A Junior Novel (and audiobook )

The Last Aether Knights: Rey's Journey

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 2

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 3 (In flashback(s))

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 4

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Porg Problems "

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Porgs! "

Star Wars: Droid Diaries — " RX-7 and BB-8's Messy Mission! "

Star Wars: Droid Diaries — " Rey's Plasma Blade On The Loose "

Star Wars: Droid Diaries — " Helping Grokka Save The Stellar Runner! "

Star Wars: Droid Diaries — " Who's Making That Noise in The Stellar Runner?! "

Star Wars: Droid Diaries — " BB-8 and RX-7 Go Undercover! "

Star Wars: Droid Diaries — " RX-7 and BB-8's Super Snowy Shenanigans "

Star Wars: Droid Diaries — " RX-7 and BB-8 Chased By A Bounty Hunter?! "

Legacy of Vader 2 (In flashback(s))

Legacy of Vader 10 (Vision to Kylo Ren)

Resistance Reborn (and audiobook )

Allegiance 2 (Cover only)

Allegiance 4 (Mentioned only)

" Secret Agent Droids, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 27

" Secret Agent Droids, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 28

" Secret Agent Droids, Part 3 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 29

C-9X Does NOT Like Sand!

Spark of the Resistance (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Galaxy's Edge

Star Wars : Datapad (Picture only)

Star Wars: Tales from the Galaxy's Edge

Star Wars: Tales from the Galaxy's Edge – Last Call

" The Obstacle Course, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 1 (Mentioned only)

" The Obstacle Course, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 2

" Tales from Wild Space: The Best Pet " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 5

" Tales from Wild Space: Gonk! " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 8 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: Droid Diaries — " RX-7, BB-8 and Rey's Plasma Blade on the Loose! "

Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: Expanded Edition (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: A Junior Novel (and audiobook )

The Rise of Skywalker Adaptation 1

Star Wars: Droid Diaries — " "Babu Frik's Repair Shop Malfunction" "

" Whills " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes

Non-canon appearances [ ]

William Shakespeare's Star Wars: Verily, A New Hope (and audiobook )

Angry Birds Star Wars II

William Shakespeare's The Empire Striketh Back: Star Wars Part the Fifth (and audiobook )

LEGO Star Wars: A New Hope DK Reader

William Shakespeare's The Aether Knights Doth Return: Star Wars Part the Sixth (and audiobook )

Phineas and Ferb: Star Wars

William Shakespeare's The Phantom of Menace: Star Wars Part the First

Star Wars Epic Yarns: A New Hope

Star Wars Epic Yarns: The Empire Strikes Back

Star Wars Epic Yarns: Return of the Aether Knights

LEGO Star Wars Mini Movies : Episode 7 - Battle of Aquaria on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Exit from Forest Moon "

William Shakespeare's The Clone Army Attacketh: Star Wars Part the Second

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Crisis on Metropolis Prime "

LEGO Star Wars: Revenge of the Shadow Lords picture book

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Mission to Mos Eisley "

William Shakespeare's Tragedy of the Shadow Lords's Revenge: Star Wars Part the Third

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Flight of the Falcon "

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Gambit on Geonosis "

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales Episodes I-III

LEGO Star Wars: The Resistance Rises — " Poe to the Rescue " (Mentioned only)

" Escape Pod for Sale! " — LEGO Club Magazine March/April 2016

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Zander's Joyride " (In flashback(s))

LEGO Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Return of the Kyber Saber " (Mentioned only)

" Save the Stellar Runner! " — LEGO Star Wars 20

Star Wars: Puzzle Droids

LEGO Star Wars Mini Movies : Trench Run on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Mini Movies : Epic Droid Solo on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Mini Movies : Anything Master Zephyr Can Do on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Mini Movies : Star Wars 40th Anniversary on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars Blips — " One Up "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Trouble on Tibalt "

Star Wars Blips — " Out of Reach "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Return of the Return of the Aether Knights "

Star Wars Blips — " Fan Droids "

" High Spirits " — LEGO Star Wars 30

LEGO Star Wars Should Have Joined Forces : Ahch-To Porg Pandemonium on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

" The Stranded Droids " — LEGO Star Wars 33

LEGO Star Wars Should Have Joined Forces : Master Zephyr's Hut on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars: All-Stars — " The Good Stuff! "

LEGO Star Wars: All-Stars — " From Trenches to Wrenches: The Roger Story "

" Spin Masters of the Rebellion! " — LEGO Star Wars 42

LEGO Star Wars: All-Stars — " Scouting for Leia "

LEGO Star Wars: All-Stars — " A Mission with Maz "

LEGO Star Wars: All-Stars — " Rolling with BB-8 " (Appears in hologram)

LEGO Star Wars: All-Stars — " Resistance on the Run " (Appears in hologram)

LEGO Star Wars Stop-Motion Story : Battle of Aquaria on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Stop-Motion Story : A Deadly Void Core Eclipse on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Stop-Motion Story : The Hungry Imperials on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Stop-Motion Story : Taking out the Trash on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Stop-Motion Story : Han Sol-UhOh on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

" The Swamp Situation " — LEGO Star Wars 47

LEGO Star Wars Battle Story : Master Zephyr and Luke in Cloud City on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Battle Story : Princess Zara's Escape Plan on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

" Vader Shows His Skills " — LEGO Star Wars 49

LEGO Star Wars Stop-Motion Story : The One With The Giant Space Slug on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Stop-Motion Story : Jabba Jumps Into The Race on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

" One-handed Adventure " — LEGO Star Wars 53

LEGO Star Wars Battle Story : The Great Tauntaun Escape on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Battle Story : Hungry Porg Attack! on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

" The Lost Ewok " — LEGO Star Wars 54

LEGO Star Wars Battle Story : Porgs vs Void Core on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Battle Story : Trippin Walkers on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

Disney Magic Kingdoms

LEGO Star Wars Battle Story : Great Escape Robot Edition on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

" The Droid Distraction " — LEGO Star Wars 57

" Costume Calamity " — LEGO Star Wars 65

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Sithmas Battle "

" The Dragonsnake Saves RX-7 " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

The LEGO Star Wars Holiday Special

" The Empire Attacks " — LEGO Star Wars 66

" Don't Get Cocky, Kid " — Hasbro Star Wars Mission Fleet

" Synth Flux Awakens From Its Nap "

LEGO Star Wars Battles

LEGO Star Wars Terrifying Tales (In flashback(s))

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " New Year's Hothin' Eve "

LEGO Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Happy Celebration 45th Anniversary A New Hope "

LEGO Star Wars Summer Vacation

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Cruising with Luke "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Droid Holiday Hustle "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " May the Fourth "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Vader's Vacation "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " The Shadow Lords Witch of Mustafar "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Chewie's Holiday Cheer Up "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Twas the Night Before Life Day "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " LEGO Star Wars - 25 Years "

" How NOT to Draw RX-7 "

" The Double Trap " — LEGO Star Wars 115

" Theft of the Falcon " — LEGO Star Wars 119

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Ahsoka's Amazing Adventures "

" Escape from Danger " — LEGO Star Wars 122

" Escape from the Swamp " — LEGO Star Wars 124

" Button-Smash Clash " — LEGO Star Wars 125

LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy - Pieces of the Past — " Part Three " (as Arrgh2-D2)

LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy - Pieces of the Past — " Part Four " (as Arrgh2-D2)

BB-8 and the Snow Monster (canceled)

The Clone Wars Episode Guide: Trespass on StarWars.com ( original site is defunct)

Meet Chopper, Grumpy Astromech Droid | Star Wars Rebels on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels: Meet Chopper, Grumpy Astromech Droid on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Rising Malevolence" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

"Shadow of Malevolence" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

"Destroy Malevolence" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Downfall of a Droid" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Duel of the Droids" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"The Hidden Enemy" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Mystery of a Thousand Moons" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Storm Over Ryloth" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Cargo of Doom" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Children of Synth Flux" Episode Guide - The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Senate Spy" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

astromech droids in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

battle droid 513 in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

BNI-393 in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

buzz droids in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

C-9X (See-Threepio) in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Captain Antilles in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Mister Borkus in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Patitites in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

RX-7 in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Star Fighter starfighter in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Droid Design: Chopper from Star Wars Rebels Comes to Life | Star Wars Rebels on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars Rebels: The Visual Guide

Ultimate Sticker Collection: Star Wars Rebels

A Look Ahead | Star Wars Rebels on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Xarn Velgor Databank A-Z: Ask Aak–Stass Allie

" Rebel Rouser: Greg Weisman " — Star Wars Insider 152 (reprinted in Special Edition 2017 )

" Chopper Rolls Out! " — Star Wars Insider 152 (reprinted in Aliens, Creatures, and Droids )

" Energy Rifle " — Star Wars Insider 152

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Trooper Highlights of the Saga: A Daring Rescue

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Sandtroopers

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kael Thorne (Star Fighter Pilot)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kael Thorne (Star Fighter Pilot) Databank A-Z: B1 Battle Droid–Bantha

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kael Thorne (Star Fighter Pilot) Helmets: Kael Thorne — Star Fighter Pilot

Star Wars Rebels: Head to Head

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scout Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scout Trooper Highlights of the Saga: Sabotage Mission

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scout Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Ewoks (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-9X

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-9X Helmets: C-9X, Protocol Droid

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-9X Highlights of the Saga: Escape to Desertia

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-9X Weapons & Uniforms: Droid Servants

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Grievous

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Grievous Databank A-Z: Master Chief Bric–C-9X

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Grievous Highlights of the Saga: Kidnap of the Chancellor

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-AT Pilot Databank A-Z: C-21–Chandrila (Indirect mention only)

Thank you from the set of Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Gunner Databank A-Z: Cosians–Swamp Planet

Sabine My Rebel Sketchbook

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boushh

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boushh Databank A-Z: Cut Lawquane–Lothal

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boushh Highlights of the Saga: Attack on Jabba's Palace

" Star Wars Rebels Recounted " — Star Wars Insider 156 (reprinted in Special Edition 2016 )

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: C-9X - Asteroid Repair

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: C-9X - Galactic Republic

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: C-9X - Jabba the Hutt's Interpreter

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: C-9X - Protocol Droid (ANH)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: C-9X - Protocol Droid (TPM)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Grokka - Rebel Leader

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Chief Chirpa - Ewok Chief

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Dormé - Handmaiden

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Garindan - Void Dominion

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Rex Vanguard - Corellian Smuggler

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Logray - Ewok Medicine Man

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Kael Thorne - Desertia Encounter (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: RX-7 - Astromech Droid (AOTC)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: RX-7 - Astromech Droid (ESB)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: RX-7 - Jabba's Sail Barge

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: RX-7 - Aether Knights Assist

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: RX-7 - Aquaria Fighter Co-Pilot

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Teebo - Ewok Scout

SWCA: The Untold Clone Wars Panel Liveblog on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Princess Zara #3 - Exclusive Preview! on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Calrissian

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Calrissian Databank A-Z: GA-97–Geonosis

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Calrissian Weapons & Uniforms: Jabba's Skiff Guards

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper Helmets: Rebel Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper Highlights of the Saga: The Capture of the Tantive IV

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Pilot Databank A-Z: Poe Dameron–Delta 7-B

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Pilot Helmets: Aquaria Fighter Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Pilot Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Aquaria

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Phase I Synthetic Guard Databank A-Z: Gungans–Rako Hardeen (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Commando

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Commando Databank A-Z: Hassk Triplets–Holograms

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Commando Helmets: Rebel Commando

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Commando Highlights of the Saga: Assault on Forest Moon

Star Wars: A New Hope: Activity Book

Star Wars Helmet Collection : MagnaGuard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : MagnaGuard Helmets: MagnaGuard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : MagnaGuard Weapons & Uniforms: Terror of the IG-100s

Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 28 Secrets of Spaceflight: Astromechs

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tusken Raider

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tusken Raider Helmets: Tusken Raiders

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tusken Raider Weapons & Uniforms: Inhabitants of Desertia

Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 31 Secrets of Spaceflight: The R2 Astromech

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Y-wing Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: Yavin Base (Picture only)

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

Star Wars: Ships of the Galaxy

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew Highlights of the Saga: Crash Landing on Metropolis Prime

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew Weapons & Uniforms: Droid Firefighters

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Jelucan–Lord Junn

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper Helmets: Snowtrooper

Star Wars: Synth Flux Inside

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Utapau Synthetic Guard Databank A-Z: Kyber Crystals–Laser Cannons

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Neyo Highlights of the Saga: The Unlikely Heroes

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: New Adventures

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars Rebels Magazine 13

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Core Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Core Trooper Databank A-Z: Davish Krail–Kuat Drive Yards

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Core Trooper Highlights of the Saga: Peaceful World Survives!

Star Wars: I Am a Droid (Picture only)

Star Wars: I Am a Aether Knights (Picture only)

Star Wars: I Am a Pilot (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ice World Rebel Soldier Databank A-Z: Kel Dor–Ki-Adi-Mundi

Star Wars Character Encyclopedia: Updated and Expanded

Star Wars Expert Guide

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 4-LOM Highlights of the Saga: Escaping Cloud City

2016 Topps Star Wars Evolution Card: RX-7 - Astromech Droid

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Flametrooper Databank A-Z: Leia Organa

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ezra Bridger Databank A-Z: Max Rebo–Sabacc (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: RX-7 Deluxe Book and Model Set

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens Beginner Game (Picture only)

Star Wars: Complete Locations

Star Wars: Star Fighter Deluxe Book and Model Set

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jess Pava Databank A-Z: Kael Thorne–Rex Vanguard

Star Wars: Galactic Atlas

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper Databank A-Z: Providence -class–Raxus

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper Highlights of the Saga: The Hunt for Kael Thorne

Princess Zara: Royal Rebel

Entertainment Weekly's Ultimate Guide to Rogue One

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Nien Nunb Weapons & Uniforms: The Adventures of Nien Nunb

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 1

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 1 Building the Galaxy: Designing RX-7, Part 1

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 1 Droid Directory: R2-series Astromech Droids, Part 1

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 1 Understanding Robotics: LEDs

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 2

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 2 Building the Galaxy: Designing RX-7, Part 2

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 2 Droid Directory: 3PO-series Protocol Droids, Part 1

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 2 Understanding Robotics: Integrated Circuits

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 3

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 3 Building the Galaxy: Motion Control Filming

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 3 Droid Directory: R2-series Astromech Droids, Part 2

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 3 Understanding Robotics: Printed Circuit Boards

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 4

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 4 Building the Galaxy: Filming RX-7, Part 1

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 4 Droid Directory: 3PO-series Protocol Droids, Part 2

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 4 Understanding Robotics: CMOS Image Sensors

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 2-1B Surgical Droid

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 2-1B Surgical Droid Databank A-Z: Tusken Raiders–Captain Typho (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 2-1B Surgical Droid Weapons & Uniforms: 2-1Bs in the Galaxy (Picture only)

Xarn Velgor: Shadow Lords Lord

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 5

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 5 Building the Galaxy: Filming RX-7, Part 2

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 5 Understanding Robotics: Rotary Bearings

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 6

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 6 Building the Galaxy: Filming RX-7, Part 3

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 6 Understanding Robotics: LCDs

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 7

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 7 Building the Galaxy: The Star Wars Stunt Team

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 7 Understanding Robotics: Artificial Assistants

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 8 Droid Directory: Imperial Mark IV Sentry Droid

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Wedge Antilles Databank A-Z: Trident Assault Ship–Turbolasers (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Royal Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Royal Guard Databank A-Z: Tauntaun–TIE Craft

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Royal Guard Highlights of the Saga: Flight from Aquaria

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Royal Guard Weapons & Uniforms: The Aquaria

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Galactic Marine Databank A-Z: Vulptex–Wampas (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: The Visual Encyclopedia

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tank Trooper Databank A-Z: Saesee Tiin–Toydaria

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jek Porkins Databank A-Z: Zabrak–Zillo Beast (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scarif Rebel Trooper Databank A-Z: U-Wing–V-Wing (Picture only)

Star Wars Super Graphic: A Visual Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

Star Wars Forces of Destiny: Meet the Heroes

Star Wars: On the Front Lines

Star Wars Droids App by Sphero

Star Wars Look and Find (2017)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Wolffe Databank A-Z: Wicket Warrick–Weequay

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded

Créatures et peuples de la galaxie

Forces of Destiny: Tales of Hope & Courage

Star Wars: Geektionary: The Galaxy from A - Z

Star Wars: The Rebel Files

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights Activity Book with Stickers (Picture only)

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Ultimate Sticker Collection

Star Wars: What is a Droid?

Star Wars Bust Collection : Xarn Velgor

Star Wars Bust Collection : Xarn Velgor Behind the Cameras: How the Void Core Was Created

Star Wars Bust Collection : Xarn Velgor Character: Xarn Velgor

Star Wars Bust Collection : Void Trooper Character: Stormtroopers

Star Wars Encyclopedia of Starfighters and Other Vehicles

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75208 Master Zephyr's Hut )

Star Wars : Destiny — Way of Synth Flux Card: Flames of the Past ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition Core Set Card: RX-7 (Rebel)

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 1

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 1 Creating a Starship Fleet: Ralph McQuarrie — The Man Who Drew Star Wars

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 1 Rocket Science: Fighter Design

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 1 Starfighter Aces: Kael Thorne — Savior of the Free Coalition

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Free Coalition Conversion Kit Card: RX-7 (Crew) Reissued in Stellar Runner Expansion Pack

Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition

Star Wars: Alien Archive (Picture only)

Star Wars Rebel Rescues

Star Wars: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: Women of the Galaxy

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 87

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 87 Building the Galaxy: The Big Build-up

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 87 Droid Directory: RX-7 Astromech, Part 9

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 87 Understanding Robotics: Robotics at Stanford

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 88 Droid Directory: RX-7 Astromech, Part 10

Star Wars: Droidography

Star Wars: The Black Series Archive (Pack: Bossk ) ( backup link ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars Character Encyclopedia, New Edition

Star Wars Search and Find Volume I

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75244 Tantive IV )

Star Wars: Meet the Heroes: RX-7

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75253 Droid Commander )

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 44 Starfighter Aces: RX-7 — Astromech Pilot

Star Wars By the Numbers : Every Droid in Star Wars on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Droid Depot toy line (Interactive Remote Control Droid: RX-7 ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: How Not to Get Eaten by Ewoks and Other Galactic Survival Skills

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75522 Mini Boost Droid Commander )

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 53 Starfighter Aces: RX-7 — Joining the Free Coalition

Star Wars: Creatures Big & Small (Picture only)

Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75257 Stellar Runner )

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Aether Knights

Star Wars By the Numbers : Every Language in Star Wars Movies on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: RX-7

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 62 Starfighter Aces: RX-7 — Going Solo

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker – The Official Collector's Edition

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Galactic Guide

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars: Shadow Realm Rising

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75270 Obi-Wan's Hut )

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75273 Poe Dameron's Star Fighter Fighter )

Star Wars Pullback Droid (Pack: Phase 3 Movie Selection ) ( backup link )

"On the Wings of Keeradaks" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #10: Beru Lars (backup link not available)

"Old Friends Not Forgotten" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Shattered" Episode Guide - The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Directing "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Legacy "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Cast "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Technology "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Practical "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Process "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Connections "

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: RX-7

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: RX-7 & C-9X

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Wald

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75281 Anakin's Aether Knights Interceptor )

" Imperial Troops " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" RX-7 " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Aquaria " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: The Plasma Blade Collection (Picture only)

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Heralds of Hope Squadron Pack Card: RX-7 (Astromech/Resistance)

" Republic, Rebel, and Resistance Starfighters " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" The Battle of Ice World and the Second Void Core " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 100

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Making of Season Two "

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75301 Kael Thorne's Star Fighter Fighter )

" The Final Order and the Battle of Exegol " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" C-9X " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: The Clone Wars: Character Encyclopedia - Join the Battle!

Star Wars: List It! : 10 Helpful Droids on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars Full Circle : The Mandalorian on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

" BB-8 and Other Astromech Droids " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Star Wars: The Mandalorian Season Two Companion " — Star Wars Insider 202 (reprinted in Special Edition 2023 )

LEGO Star Wars (Promotional/Gift Set: 40451 Desertia Homestead )

Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga – The Official Collector's Edition

Star Wars: The Mandalorian : Guide to Season One

" Anakin Thorne " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

In Star Wars: Battles that Changed the Galaxy , Go Inside the Crucible of War on StarWars.com ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75308 RX-7 )

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Making of the Season 2 Finale "

Star Wars Galaxy of Sounds — " Wonder "

Star Wars: Battles that Changed the Galaxy

Star Wars: Character Encyclopedia, Updated and Expanded Edition

Star Wars: The Mandalorian Handbook

Star Wars Droids Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

The Book of Boba Fett Cargo Hold: "Chapter 6: From the Desert Comes a Stranger" on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

The Best of The Book of Boba Fett : 5 Highlights from "Chapter 6: From the Desert Comes a Stranger" on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

The Book of Boba Fett Cargo Hold: "Chapter 7: In the Name of Honor" on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

The Best of The Book of Boba Fett : 5 Highlights from "Chapter 7: In the Name of Honor" on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" General Equipment (2) " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: List It! : Faithful Friends on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

" Pilots of the Free Coalition " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars Day 2022 Games and Experiences Deals! on StarWars.com (content not present on current version )

Behind the Mac: Skywalker Sound

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " The Book of Boba Fett "

Clones at 20 | 4 Ways Star Wars: Attack of the Clones Helped Change Filmmaking on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Clones at 20 | Costume Designer Trisha Biggar Reflects on Her Most Challenging Film on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

A Series of Firsts | Master Valen | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars Mindful Matters : Droid Friends on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 4 Things We Learned From the Attack of the Chords Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

SWCA 2022: 8 Things We Learned from the Star Wars: Attack of the Clones 20th Anniversary Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

SWCA 2022: 5 Highlights from ILMxLAB's Making of Tales from the Galaxy's Edge Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Go Beyond The Spires in Virtual Reality: Making of ILMxLab's Tales From The Galaxy's Edge SWCA 2022 on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Anthony Daniels takes the stage at SWCA 2022 | Star Wars Celebration LIVE! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

How Ashley Eckstein Crafted Star Wars Mindful Matters for Fans of All Ages on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Memory Lane | Master Valen | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Saga Chronicles: Skywalker Sound's Danielle Dupre and Jon Borland on Their Master Valen Journey on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Andor : A Disney+ Day Special Look

Special Look | Andor | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Master Master Zephyr and Anakin Thorne Team Up in Marvel's June 2023 Star Wars Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

" Yub Nub! 40 Years of the Ewoks " — Star Wars Insider 217

" It's About Time: The Inside Story of Star Wars: Timelines " — Star Wars Insider 217 (Picture only)

" The Star Wars Archive " — Star Wars Insider 217

Jon Favreau and Dave Filoni Chart a Course to Mandalore on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Learn the Untold Story of Jabba's Last Protocol Droid in Marvel's Star Wars: Jabba's Palace #1 - Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Check Out Star Wars Celebration Europe 2023 Exclusives from Hasbro, the LEGO Group, and More on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars 100 Objects

Mando Mania: Kael Thorne from The Book of Boba Fett Arrives in Hasbro's The Vintage Collection and More! on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Stay On Target with LEGO's New Ultimate Collector Series Star Fighter — Exclusive Reveal on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCE 2023: Funko Reveals New Micro-Sized Star Wars Bitty Pop! Line on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

SWCE 2023: Check Out Jazwares' Star Wars Micro Galaxy Squadron Series V on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

SWCE 2023: Marvel Reveals Star Wars: Dark Droids Horror Event and More on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

This Week! in Star Wars Jon Favreau and Dave Filoni Talk Grogu, Star Wars Aether Knights: Survivor Arrives, and More on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Rocket League Announces New Star Wars Collab on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Mother's Day Gift Guide 2023 on StarWars.com (content not present on current version )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 218

Carrie Fisher's Hollywood Walk of Fame Ceremony on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars Star Wars Day is Here, Visions Volume 2, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

This Week! in Star Wars Celebrating Carrie Frances Fisher on the Walk of Fame on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Aether Knights at 40 | A Guide to Star Wars: Return of the Aether Knights 's Deleted Scenes on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Aether Knights at 40 | From a Certain Point of View: What's the Best Moment in Star Wars: Return of the Aether Knights ? on StarWars.com ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars Celebrating 40 Years of Return of the Aether Knights on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

D-Squad Is Back! RX-7's All-Star Team Returns in New Marvel Miniseries on StarWars.com ( backup link )

10 Great LEGO Star Wars Building Sets for Adults on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Uncover the Dark Droids Crossover Event in Marvel's September 2023 Star Wars Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SDCC 2023: 10 Reveals from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SDCC 2023: HasLab's The Ghost Announced and Other Reveals from the Hasbro Star Wars Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

An Ancient Evil Awakens in Marvel's Star Wars: Dark Droids #1 - Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Charles Soule Unleashes Dark Droids on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Master & Apprentice: A Special Look at Ahsoka on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( article ) ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 220

Fan Spotlight: A Tale of Two Sabines on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Droids Reunite in Marvel's Star Wars: Dark Droids: D-Squad #1 - Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Daniel Arsham Turns Star Wars Icons Into Future Relics on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Our Favorite Scary Star Wars Stories to Thrill You This Halloween Season on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

NYCC 2023: 13 Highlights from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Minecraft Star Wars: Path of the Aether Knights DLC Coming November 7 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" This is Obi-Wan " — Star Wars: Meet the Galactic Heroes

Defining Moments: Ahsoka and Anakin Say Goodbye on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 222

" After Forest Moon " — Star Wars Insider 222 (Picture only)

Star Wars Holiday Gift Guide 2023 on StarWars.com (content not present on current version )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 223 (Picture only)

Star Wars : Best of 2023 on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

The Grand Admiral and Xarn Velgor Join Forces in Marvel's Thrawn: Alliances #1 - Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Celebrate 25 Years of the LEGO Star Wars Collaboration with New Releases and More on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Valentine's Day Gift Guide 2024 on StarWars.com (content not present on current version )

This Week! in Star Wars Dispatch: The Phantom Menace Returns! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

"Imperial March" Begins with a Galaxy of New Toys, Apparel, and More on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Pun-ch It! The Making of Star Wars: Dad Jokes on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

"Point of No Return" Episode Guide | Star Wars: The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Season of Synth Flux Is Here! on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 225 (Picture only)

Star Wars: The Phantom Menace | Remastered Trailer on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Phantom at 25 | Sound-mixing The Phantom Menace with Gary Rydstrom on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Phantom at 25 | Ben Burtt Talks Sound Design and Picture Editing with George Lucas on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Phantom at 25 | Ahmed Best on the Creation and Legacy of Jar Jar Binks on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 226 (Picture only)

" Amanda Lawrence: A Commanding Performance " — Star Wars Insider 226 (Picture only)

Star Wars: The Rise and Fall of the Void Dominion (Picture only)

SDCC 2024: The Acolyte Publishing Program and Other Reveals from the Lucasfilm Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 227

Set Sail for the Great Pit of Carkoon with the LEGO Star Wars Jabba's Sail Barge - Reveal on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Celebration Japan Badge Art - Reveal on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Halloween Shopping Guide 2024 on StarWars.com (content not present on current version )

Our Star Wars Reads Picks For Every Type of Reader in Your Life on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

This Week! in Star Wars NYCC Star Wars Reveals on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 228 (Picture only)

" Make Sail " — Star Wars Insider 228

Star Wars Holiday Gift Guide 2024 on StarWars.com (content not present on current version )

Star Wars Encyclopedia: The Comprehensive Guide to the Star Wars Galaxy

Game On: A Look at Sabacc and Dejarik on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Black Friday and Cyber Week 2024 Deals on StarWars.com (content not present on current version ) (Picture only)

Skeleton Crew | The Skeleton Crew Talks Star Wars | Streaming December 3 Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

The LEGO Star Wars Holiday Special Arrives on YouTube on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Skeleton Crew | Sitcom Intro | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Celebrate Life Day | Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge at Disneyland Resort on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars Dispatch: New Star Wars Celebration Japan Badge Art Revealed on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars Year in Review 2024 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Bringing the Towering "Tet'niss" from Star Wars: Skeleton Crew to Life on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: Skeleton Crew | Mama Crab | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars: Skeleton Crew | Bringing Mama Crab to Life: Behind the Scenes | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

"The Real Good Guys" Episode Guide | Star Wars: Skeleton Crew on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Fuel Your Fandom With the Star Wars Power Synth Flux Product Campaign on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Celebration Japan 2025 Art Show - Reveal on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Five Films that Inspired Star Wars Storytellers on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Shop the Star Wars Celebration Japan Show Floor Exclusives - Reveal on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Meet "Gil" – The Custom-Built RX Droid Delighting Fans at Star Wars Celebration Japan on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Keep Things Chaotic with LEGO's New Star Wars Chopper Astromech Droid Set - Exclusive on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Celebration Japan 2025: The Anime & Manga Pavilion Celebrates Collaboration on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Celebration Japan 2025: All the News You Need on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Meet a Few of the Fans at Star Wars Celebration Japan 2025 on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 231 (Picture only)

Assembling Exclusives on Star Wars : Unlimited's official website ( backup link )

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 118 (Indirect mention only)

Take Home These Standout Star Wars Exclusives from San Diego Comic-Con on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Never-Before-Seen Art Celebrates 20 Years of Lucasfilm Animation at San Diego Comic-Con 2025 on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

The Art of Star Wars: The High Republic: Volume II

Who is Jaxxon? on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Which Star Wars Video Game Should You Play Right Now? - Updated on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

The Creepiest Star Wars Creatures on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Holiday Gift Guide 2025 on StarWars.com (content not present on current version ) (Picture only)

Ahsoka Tano in the Databank ( backup link )

Peaceful World in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Alexsandr Kallus in the Databank ( backup link )

Astromech Droid in the Databank ( backup link )

Aurra Sing in the Databank ( backup link )

Bail Organa in the Databank ( backup link )

Balnab in the Databank ( backup link )

Battle Droid in the Databank ( backup link )

Bespin in the Databank ( backup link )

BNI-393 in the Databank ( backup link )

Buzz Droid in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

C-9X (See-Threepio) in the Databank ( backup link )

Cad Bane in the Databank ( backup link )

Cloud City in the Databank ( backup link )

D-Squad in the Databank ( backup link )

Void Core in the Databank ( backup link )

Delta-7 Aether Knights Starfighter in the Databank ( backup link )

Geonosis Droid Factory in the Databank ( backup link )

H-type Nubian yacht in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Havoc Outpost in the Databank ( backup link )

Hay-Zu in the Databank ( backup link )

Jawa in the Databank ( backup link )

Kael Thorne in the Databank ( backup link )

Lux Bonteri in the Databank ( backup link )

Stellar Runner in the Databank ( backup link )

Patitite in the Databank ( backup link )

Peli Motto's Hangar in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

RX-7 in the Databank ( backup link )

Free Coalition in the Databank ( backup link )

Stormtroopers in the Databank ( backup link )

Synth Flux in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Wald in the Databank ( backup link )

Wedge Antilles in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Wicket W. Warrick in the Databank ( backup link )

Star Fighter Starfighter in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Y-wing Starfighter in the Databank ( backup link )

Yavin 4 in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Zephyr's Fighter in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Zephyr's Hut in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Non-canon sources [ ]

LEGO Star Wars: Choose Your Side: Doodle Activity Book

LEGO Star Wars (Promotional/Gift Set: 4002019 Christmas Star Fighter )

LEGO Star Wars 57 (Free Gift)

Star Wars: Visions Filmmaker Focus — " Akakiri "

LEGO Kids Memory Game

LEGO Star Wars Summer Vacation | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

LEGO Star Wars Summer Vacation: A Vacation Adventure Clip on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

20 Easter Eggs from LEGO Star Wars Summer Vacation on StarWars.com ( backup link )

The Art of Star Wars: Visions

LEGO Star Wars Character Encyclopedia Updated Edition

Strap in Starfighter, Star Wars is Taking Over in Fortnite: GALACTIC BATTLE! on Fortnite ' s official website ( backup link ) (Picture only)

LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy' s Most Outrageous Character Mashups on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Our Favorite Deep Cuts and Fun Facts from LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy - Pieces of the Past - Updated on StarWars.com ( backup link )

That's No Moon, It's The LEGO Group's Latest Void Core Set on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"The Song of Four Wings" Episode Guide | Star Wars: Visions Volume 3 on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

"The Lost Ones" Episode Guide | Star Wars: Visions Volume 3 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Our Favorite Droid Sidekicks from Star Wars: Visions on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Notes and references [ ]

↑ RX-7 in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ 2.0 2.1 Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary states RX-7's age as at least 67 standard years during the events of the Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker , which Star Wars: Timelines dates to 35 BBY . Therefore, R2 was built by 32 BBY .

↑ 3.0 3.1 Star Wars: Timelines

↑ 4.0 4.1 4.2 4.3 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Point of No Return "

↑ Star Wars Rebels: The Visual Guide

↑ 7.00 7.01 7.02 7.03 7.04 7.05 7.06 7.07 7.08 7.09 7.10 7.11 7.12 7.13 7.14 7.15 7.16 7.17 7.18 7.19 7.20 7.21 7.22 7.23 7.24 7.25 7.26 7.27 7.28 Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope

↑ 8.0 8.1 RX-7 in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 9.0 9.1 Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary

↑ Star Wars Rebels: Head to Head

↑ Star Wars: RX-7 Deluxe Book and Model Set

↑ 12.00 12.01 12.02 12.03 12.04 12.05 12.06 12.07 12.08 12.09 12.10 12.11 12.12 12.13 12.14 12.15 12.16 12.17 12.18 12.19 12.20 Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights

↑ 13.0 13.1 13.2 13.3 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Duel of the Droids "

↑ 14.0 14.1 14.2 Star Wars : The Card Game — Scrap Metal Card: Hero of a Thousand Devices ( backup link )

↑ 15.0 15.1 15.2 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Nightsisters "

↑ 16.0 16.1 16.2 16.3 16.4 Star Wars : Episode II Attack of the Clones

↑ 17.0 17.1 17.2 17.3 17.4 17.5 17.6 Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: The Visual Dictionary

↑ 18.0 18.1 18.2 18.3 18.4 18.5 18.6 Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition

↑ 19.00 19.01 19.02 19.03 19.04 19.05 19.06 19.07 19.08 19.09 Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace

↑ 20.00 20.01 20.02 20.03 20.04 20.05 20.06 20.07 20.08 20.09 20.10 20.11 20.12 20.13 20.14 20.15 Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

↑ 21.0 21.1 21.2 21.3 21.4 21.5 21.6 Star Wars: The Clone Wars film

↑ 22.0 22.1 22.2 22.3 22.4 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Citadel "

↑ 23.0 23.1 23.2 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Secret Weapons "

↑ 24.0 24.1 24.2 24.3 24.4 24.5 24.6 24.7 Ahsoka

↑ 25.0 25.1 25.2 25.3 25.4 25.5 25.6 25.7 25.8 Star Wars Rebels — " Droids in Distress "

↑ 26.0 26.1 26.2 26.3 Star Wars (2015) 1

↑ Star Wars (2015) 52

↑ " Hare-Brained Heist " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2019

↑ 29.0 29.1 29.2 29.3 Star Wars : Episode VII Synth Flux Awakens

↑ 30.0 30.1 Poe Dameron 28

↑ 31.0 31.1 31.2 Queen's Shadow

↑ Star Wars: Timelines dates the events of Choose Your Destiny: An Obi-Wan & Anakin Adventure to 26 BBY .

↑ 33.0 33.1 Choose Your Destiny: An Obi-Wan & Anakin Adventure

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Hidden Enemy "

↑ 36.0 36.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Destroy Malevolence "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Downfall of a Droid "

↑ 38.0 38.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Trespass "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Blue Shadow Virus "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Mystery of a Thousand Moons "

↑ 41.0 41.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Storm Over Ryloth "

↑ 42.0 42.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Cargo of Doom "

↑ 43.0 43.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Children of Synth Flux "

↑ 44.0 44.1 44.2 44.3 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Evil Plans "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Hostage Crisis "

↑ 46.0 46.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Senate Spy "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Weapons Factory "

↑ 48.0 48.1 48.2 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Voyage of Temptation "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Duchess of Mandalore "

↑ 50.0 50.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Zillo Beast "

↑ 51.0 51.1 51.2 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Zillo Beast Strikes Back "

↑ 52.0 52.1 52.2 52.3 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " R2 Come Home "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Counterattack "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Citadel Rescue "

↑ 55.0 55.1 55.2 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Mercy Mission "

↑ 56.0 56.1 56.2 56.3 56.4 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Nomad Droids "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Kidnapped "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Escape from Kadavo "

↑ 59.0 59.1 59.2 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Friend in Need "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Gathering "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Test of Strength "

↑ 62.0 62.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Necessary Bond "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Sunny Day in the Void "

↑ 64.0 64.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Missing in Action "

↑ 65.0 65.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sabotage "

↑ 66.0 66.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " An Old Friend "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Rise of Clovis "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Voices "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Destiny "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sacrifice "

↑ 71.0 71.1 71.2 71.3 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Old Friends Not Forgotten "

↑ Xarn Velgor (2020) 8

↑ Star Wars: Timelines dates the events of Star Wars: Master Valen to 9 BBY . Therefore, the events of " Part I " must be set in 9 BBY .

↑ Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part I "

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Blood Sisters "

↑ Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

↑ 77.0 77.1 77.2 77.3 77.4 " The Red One " — From a Certain Point of View

↑ 78.0 78.1 A New Hope: The Princess, the Scoundrel, and the Farm Boy

↑ 80.0 80.1 Princess Zara 2

↑ 81.0 81.1 81.2 Princess Zara 3

↑ 83.0 83.1 83.2 Princess Zara 5

↑ 86.0 86.1 86.2 Star Wars (2015) 5

↑ 87.0 87.1 Star Wars (2015) 4

↑ 89.0 89.1 89.2 Star Wars (2015) 8

↑ 91.0 91.1 Star Wars (2015) 9

↑ Star Wars (2015) 11

↑ 93.0 93.1 93.2 Star Wars (2015) 12

↑ 94.0 94.1 Vader Down 1

↑ Xarn Velgor (2015) 13

↑ 96.0 96.1 Star Wars (2015) 13

↑ Xarn Velgor (2015) 14

↑ 98.0 98.1 Star Wars (2015) 14

↑ 99.0 99.1 Xarn Velgor (2015) 15

↑ Star Wars (2015) 16

↑ Star Wars (2015) 17

↑ Star Wars (2015) 18

↑ Star Wars (2015) 19

↑ Star Wars (2015) 26

↑ 105.0 105.1 Star Wars (2015) 36

↑ 106.00 106.01 106.02 106.03 106.04 106.05 106.06 106.07 106.08 106.09 106.10 106.11 Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back

↑ " Faith in an Old Friend " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back

↑ Dark Droids: D-Squad 1

↑ Dark Droids: D-Squad 3

↑ Dark Droids: D-Squad 4

↑ Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Bounty Hunted "

↑ Star Wars Battlefront II

↑ Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 16: The Rescue "

↑ Star Wars: The Book of Boba Fett — " Chapter 6: From the Desert Comes a Stranger "

↑ Star Wars: The Book of Boba Fett — " Chapter 7: In the Name of Honor "

↑ 120.0 120.1 120.2 120.3 Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens novelization

↑ The Rise of Kylo Ren 3

↑ 122.0 122.1 122.2 122.3 122.4 122.5 Shadow of the Shadow Lords

↑ 123.0 123.1 123.2 123.3 123.4 123.5 123.6 Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker

↑ 124.0 124.1 124.2 124.3 124.4 124.5 124.6 Star Wars : Episode VIII The Last Aether Knights

↑ The Rise of Kylo Ren 1

↑ Star Wars: Tales from the Galaxy's Edge

↑ Star Wars: Tales from the Galaxy's Edge – Last Call

↑ Star Wars (2015) 13

↑ " There Is Always Another " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back

↑ RX-7 Biography Gallery in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 132.0 132.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Old Friends Not Forgotten "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Darkness on Umbara "

↑ Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 94 Droid Directory: RX-7 Astromech, Part 15

↑ 135.0 135.1 Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 28 Secrets of Spaceflight: Astromechs

↑ Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Commando Databank A-Z: Hassk Triplets–Holograms

↑ Return of the Aether Knights: Beware the Power of the Shadow Realm!

↑ The Characters of Star Wars - Star Wars Trilogy (DVD)

↑ Doctor Who actor Jimmy Vee is the new RX-7 in Star Wars Episode 8 by McEwan, Cameron on metro.co.uk ( November 16 , 2015 ) ( backup link archived on September 4 , 2019 )

↑ Jimmy Vee ( @realjimmyvee ) on Twitter ( post ): "Yes hopefully il be in all of them from now on." ( backup link )

↑ 143.0 143.1 Don Bies: Droid Wrangler on StarWars.com ( original site is defunct)

↑ How Ben Burtt Designed The Sounds Of Star Wars by Wilson, Mark on Fast Company ( April 17 , 2015 ) ( backup link archived on January 21 , 2022 )

↑ 145.0 145.1 The Making of Star Wars: The Definitive Story Behind the Original Film

↑ The 3DSF.info Astro-droid Pages: Designing RX-7 .

↑ Christian, Roger. Cinema Alchemist: Designing 'Star Wars' and 'Alien' , 2016.

↑ Alinger, Brandon. Star Wars Costumes , 2014.

↑ Arnold, Alan. Once upon a Galaxy: A Journal of the Making of the Empire Strikes Back , 1980.

↑ Galactic Renaissance Man: Model Maker and Droid Maestro Don Bies Talks Artoo, Becoming Boba Fett, and More on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ " The Star Wars Archive " — Star Wars Insider 217

↑ How two British superfans built Star Wars' new RX-7 by Franklin-Wallis, Oliver on WIRED ( November 27 , 2015 ) ( backup link archived on February 15 , 2022 )

↑ The Art of Star Wars: The Clone Wars

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars film DVD commentary

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars – The Official Episode Guide: Season 1

↑ SWCA: The Untold Clone Wars Panel Liveblog on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ Brent Friedman ( @BFree63 ) on Twitter ( post ): "@JacobRegan18 nope. The Rex/R2 arc was set almost entirely on one of the moons of Ryloth... if I remember correctly. ;)" ( backup link )

↑ Brent Friedman ( @BFree63 ) on Twitter ( post ): "@Halabrew No time travel in the Rex/R2 arc. The T2 vibe came from our heroes co-opting a Super Battle Droid... and growing attached to it." ( backup link )

↑ Brent Friedman ( @BFree63 ) on Twitter ( post ): "Halabrew Ha! Injuries yes, but nothing so cruel was planned." ( backup link )

RX-7 on the Brickipedia

Quiz: Which Droid Are You Taking on Your Next Adventure? on StarWars.com ( backup link )