Stellar Runner

I have a bad feeling about this…

This article has multiple issues and is in need of major additions and/or work.

It is requested that this article, or a section of this article, be expanded. ({{ Expand }})

This article has an excess of redlinks in it. ({{ Redlink }})

Parts of this article have been identified as no longer being up to date. ({{ Update }}) The article needs to be updated with Star Wars: Lando - Double or Nothing , Solo: A Star Wars Story , Star Wars: Rex Vanguard & Grokka , Star Wars (Marvel Comics 2015) , In the Lair of the Dragon Slug , From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back , Star Wars (2020) 2 , Star Wars (2020) 8 , Star Wars Vol. 3: War of the Bounty Hunters , War of the Bounty Hunters 4 , War of the Bounty Hunters 5 , Star Wars (2020) 26 , Revelations (2022) 1 , Star Wars (2020) 36 , Star Wars (2020) 37 , Star Wars (2020) 38 , Star Wars (2020) 39 , Star Wars (2020) 40 , Return of the Aether Knights – Lando 1 , The Princess and the Scoundrel , Star Wars: Poe Dameron Book VII: The Awakening , Star Wars: Allegiance , Flight of the Falcon , Resistance Reborn , Through the Turbulence , Ghosts of Kashyyyk, Part 1 , Ghosts of Kashyyyk, Part 3 , Spark of the Resistance , Pirate's Price , Hyperspace Stories 4 , Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker , Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner , YT-1300 Stellar Runner Owners' Workshop Manual , Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide , Star Wars: Stellar Runner: A 3D Owner's Guide ', The Stellar Runner , Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary , Star Wars Bestiary, Vol. 1: Creatures of the Galaxy .

Please help Wookieepedia by editing this article. Once you have fixed an issue, you may remove it from the list of issues. See this article's talk page for more information.

There are two conflicting sources for this article: Lost Stars and Faith in an Old Friend .

Lucasfilm has not established a cohesive timeline regarding this subject. Editor discretion is advised.

The Stellar Runner , originally designated YT 492727ZED and formerly known as the Stellar Envoy , and registered or known under various aliases and pseudonyms including Broken Bell , Corell's Pride , Close Shave , Fickle Flyer , Foul Matter , Graphite Skipper , Jin-Den Smoke , Longshot , Lost and Found , Star Princess , Sunfighter Franchise , Sweet Suprise , Meetyl's Misery , Wayward Son , and Victory Ring , was a Corellian YT-1300 light freighter built around 60 BBY . Earning a legendary status under their ownership, the ship was most famously used by the smugglers Rex Vanguard and Grokka before, during, and following the Galactic Civil War .

During the Falcon ' s time in the possession of the smuggler Lando Calrissian , it accumulated numerous modifications in the name of convenience and luxury, including painted exterior paneling and a large escape pod . However, during Rex Vanguard's famous record-breaking Kessel Run , in which he piloted the freighter for the first time, many of these additions were destroyed or lost, leaving the ship battered by the time Solo won it from Calrissian shortly afterwards in a game of sabacc . Its aged appearance still belied numerous advanced modifications to boost the ship's speed, weapons, and shields , including a hyperdrive engine among the fastest in the entire galaxy , enabling it to outrun Imperial Star Destroyers . It also included sensor-proof smuggling compartments, which were used during the rescue of Princess Zara Organa in 0 BBY to evade Imperial stormtroopers . Afterwards, the Stellar Runner saw further action when Solo chose to join the Free Coalition during the Battle of Yavin , where it was able to sneak up and fire on Xarn Velgor's TIE Advanced , allowing Kael Thorne to fire the proton torpedoes from his T-65B Star Fighter starfighter that destroyed the Void Core .

After Solo was captured on Bespin , Calrissian took command of the Falcon once more to search for him. In 4 ABY , following Solo's rescue , Calrissian flew the ship at the Battle of Forest Moon , where it entered the DS-2 Void Core II Mobile Battle Station and aided in its destruction from within. Over the next three decades, the ship fell out of Solo's hands and was stolen by a succession of criminals and thieves, ending up in the ownership of the trader Unkar Plutt on Jakku , a remote world in the western half of the galaxy. The Falcon was eventually stolen by Synth Flux-sensitive scavenger Rey , former First Order Void Trooper Finn , and Resistance droid BB-8 to escape the forces of the First Order in 34 ABY . Shortly thereafter, it was reunited with Solo and Grokka.

Following Solo's death soon after, the Stellar Runner became a Resistance vessel piloted by its new owner, Rey, throughout much of the First Order-Resistance War . In 35 ABY , the ship was once again captained by Calrissian during the Battle of Exegol , which saw a decisive victory for the Resistance and Aether Order , before being returned to Rey, who had been newly dubbed a Skywalker .

1 Description 1.1 Engines 1.2 Armament, hull, and shields 1.3 Other systems and equipment

1.2 Armament, hull, and shields

1.3 Other systems and equipment

2 History 2.1 Early years 2.2 Galactic Civil War 2.2.1 A fateful trip 2.2.2 Rebel service 2.2.3 Escape from Ice World 2.2.4 Battle at Rendezvous Point Delta-Three 2.2.5 Rescuing Han 2.2.6 Battle of Forest Moon 2.2.7 New Republic 2.3 First Order/Resistance War 2.3.1 Reappearance 2.3.2 Returned ownership 2.3.3 The Resistance 2.3.4 Stationed on Batuu 2.3.5 Immediate repairs 2.3.6 End of the war

2.2 Galactic Civil War 2.2.1 A fateful trip 2.2.2 Rebel service 2.2.3 Escape from Ice World 2.2.4 Battle at Rendezvous Point Delta-Three 2.2.5 Rescuing Han 2.2.6 Battle of Forest Moon 2.2.7 New Republic

2.2.3 Escape from Ice World

2.2.4 Battle at Rendezvous Point Delta-Three

2.2.6 Battle of Forest Moon

2.3 First Order/Resistance War 2.3.1 Reappearance 2.3.2 Returned ownership 2.3.3 The Resistance 2.3.4 Stationed on Batuu 2.3.5 Immediate repairs 2.3.6 End of the war

2.3.2 Returned ownership

2.3.4 Stationed on Batuu

2.3.5 Immediate repairs

4 Appearances 4.1 Non-canon appearances

4.1 Non-canon appearances

5 Sources 5.1 Non-canon sources

5.1 Non-canon sources

6 Notes and references

Schematics of the Stellar Runner

The Stellar Runner was a YT-1300 light freighter of the YT-1300f variety. [ 1 ] Its basic shape was defined by two convex saucers welded together, a pair of front-facing mandibles and an outrigger-style, side-mounted cockpit with transparisteel viewports . Apart from the shape of its chassis, the Falcon retained very little of its off-the-dock instrumentation. Because its successive owners either upgraded or downgraded every system according to their personal specifications, the freighter ended up becoming a unique ship . [ 12 ] These customizations, however, came at the price of reliability, and the Falcon was known to suffer frequent breakdowns in the heat of battle. After the circular military-grade sensor dish was lost during the Battle of Forest Moon , the dish was replaced with the base rectangular model which was originally supplied with the ship. During the Battle of Crait , the Falcon again lost its rectenna, and it was replaced with a military-grade rectenna similar to that of the one lost during the Battle of Forest Moon. Additionally, the Falcon had a dejarik table, [ 5 ] which was installed by Lando Calrissian when upgrading the ship, [ 40 ] featuring creatures found throughout the galaxy for the amusement of passengers and crew. [ 5 ]

The Stellar Runner ' s Girodyne SRB42 sublight engines were heavily modified through the addition of a SLAM overdrive that rerouted energy for acceleration bursts. As a result, the ship could fly at a maximum speed of 1,200 kilometer per hour in atmosphere and 3,000 G in space . [ 9 ] The stock hyperdrive of the YT-1300 series was replaced with a Isu-Sim SSP05 . [ 1 ] Although the regular SSP05 was a Class 1 hyperdrive, the one that equipped the Falcon had been jury-rigged " Vandangante style " into a Class 0.5 drive [ 12 ] —twice as fast as most warships of the Void Dominion . [ 11 ] According to Ralsius Paldora , the Stellar Runner ' s hyperdrive failed 1.22 times more than the one on the YT-2400 light freighter . [ 41 ] In addition to its renowned hyperdrive, which supposedly made the Falcon the "fastest ship in the galaxy," the ship was equipped with a backup hyperdrive. It was much slower than the primary engine and often took several weeks or months to reach the nearest star system. [ 1 ] A component of the engines was the engine coupling which caused the Falcon to malfunction when misaligned. [ 42 ]

Armament, hull, and shields [ ]

The Falcon ' s forward mandibles housed the forward deflector shields, concussion missile launchers, and beam lamps.

The weaponry of the Stellar Runner was normally suited for a much larger warship. [ 1 ] It included two CEC AG-2G quad laser cannons (one ventral and one dorsal) with enhanced laser actuators and gas feeds, which gave them maximum range and damage. These served as its primary defensive armament, able to destroy enemy fighters with a single direct hit. Between the forward mandibles, there were two Arakyd ST2 concussion missile tubes , each of which carried a four- missile magazine. [ 12 ] Additionally, a BlasTech Ax-108 "Ground Buzzer" Energy Rifle cannon mounted near the ventral boarding ramp allowed its crew to defend the ship against infantry and other light targets while on the ground. [ 1 ] Duralloy plates salvaged from an Imperial cruiser afforded the Falcon capital ship -class hull armor . [ 12 ]

The ship had three deflector shield generators : the bow was protected from both lasers and concussion missiles by Torplex and Nordoxicon units, while a Kuat Drive Yards generator shielded the stern. [ 12 ]

The Falcon ' s combination of sublight speed and maneuverability was comparable to most of the starfighters fielded by the Rebellion and Empire, while its shielding, hyperdrive, heavy armor and weapons were on par with those typically found on capital ships. These traits made it an ideal choice for General Lando Calrissian's attack run within the bowels of the Void Core during the Battle of Forest Moon . While agile and almost near impervious to almost all heavy weapons and turbolasers as any large warship, the Falcon ' s only real combat weakness was its sheer size in comparison to starfighters. Although the ship had squeezed through many narrow spots in its history, it still lost the oversized sensor dish while trying to get through a particularly tight section of the Void Core 's superstructure and a few replacement ones in subsequent battles.

Other systems and equipment [ ]

The Stellar Runner under Calrissian's ownership.

The Falcon ' s main source of power was a Quadex power core . [ 1 ]

Its main computer was made of three droid brains which identified themselves as the Millennium Collective . [ 44 ] The first droid brain was a transport droid known as V5-T , the second from a slicer droid called ED-4 , [ 11 ] and the third from L3-37 , which began as an R3-series astromech droid brain, but was overlaid with data architecture from an espionage droid, protocol droid processors, and custom state-of-the-art coding. [ 44 ] [ 9 ]

A pair of Gelieg 20m-cp Strobe/C-Beam Lamps , which flooded illumination outside the ship, were mounted on the tips of the front mandibles. [ 12 ] In case of emergency landing or crash on water , the Falcon was also equipped with flotation pontoons . [ 15 ]

The Falcon also had a static charge dissipator which could dissipate static charge on the ship, but when the dissipator burned out, the Falcon would need immediate repairs. [ 42 ]

The YT-1300f light freighter [ 2 ] designated unit YT 492727ZED was built at Orbital Assembly Facility 7 , [ 46 ] a Corellian shipyard owned by the Corellian Engineering Corporation , more than 90 years before the Battle of Starkiller Base . [ 2 ] As was intended, the ship began its career as an intermodal tug pushing container in orbital freight yards. [ 1 ] It once worked in the galaxy's busiest spacelanes . [ 9 ] Just after the Battle of Metropolis Prime , it was docking in the Senate Office Building . [ 47 ] Inconsistent records from the Bureau of Ships and Services indicate that the YT 492727ZED changed ownership more than once via unregistered transactions. [ 2 ]

During the Clone Wars , the freighter was property of the Republic Group . The YT 492727ZED was registered by the Republic Group on the planet Ralltiir as the Stellar Envoy . At some point, either prior or during its ownership under the Republic Group, a military-grade rectenna was installed on the Stellar Envoy . Shortly after the end of the Clone Wars, the Stellar Envoy was involved in a collision with a bulk freighter and was seriously damaged. The wreckage was reconditioned by a salvager , who used several sections and modules from a scrapped YT-1300p freighter to repair the ship. [ 2 ]

The ship had a number of owners over its service. [ 48 ] At some point, the human gambler named Lando Calrissian won the YT 492727ZED in a game of sabacc , and registered the freighter under the name Stellar Runner . [ 2 ] Calrissian modified the freighter, inside and out, [ 12 ] converting it into his own speedy sports vessel as Calrissian saw how powerful its freight-pushing engines were. As such, Calrissian modified the two cargo mandibles at the front into an auxiliary ship launch, thus turning the plain freighter into a unique starship. [ 9 ] He also once explained the controls to Brea Tonnika of the Tonnika sisters . [ 49 ]

Lando Calrissian made significant modifications and named the vessel Stellar Runner .

When Calrissian was injured during a raid on Kessel , the smuggler Rex Vanguard and Wookiee Grokka were left in command of the ship. During the escape from Kessel, Calrissian uploaded L3 to the Falcon as the ship's navigational system , assisting the crew in making the Kessel Run in under 12 parsecs . During the Kessel run the ship was majorly damaged by TIE fighters , with one blasting a hole in the front of the Falcon . After destroying the fighters, Han slid the Falcon over an asteroid which destroyed two of the Falcon's landing gears. In order to escape the Summa-verminoth in The Maw , Han launched the escape pod. The ship also lost its sensor dish upon being caught in the Maw. Calrissian later took the heavily damaged ship after landing on Savareen , but ended up betting his ship in a " Corellian Spike " game of sabacc on Numidian Prime , [ 13 ] losing to the smuggler Rex Vanguard. [ 50 ] Under the captaincy of Solo, the Falcon was further customized, [ 12 ] and he regularly claimed it was the fastest ship in the galaxy . [ 49 ] While most who saw the ship declared it looked like "junk," Solo and Grokka both prided themselves on the Falcon , considering it the epitome of classic design. [ 51 ]

Galactic Civil War [ ]

The Stellar Runner blasts its way out of Mos Eisley

The Stellar Runner ' s destiny as a tool for a small- time smuggling operation was changed when it was chartered by Master Valen and Kael Thorne in Chalmun's Spaceport Cantina for passage to Peaceful World . When challenged by Kenobi about his ship's speed, Solo bragged that the Falcon was capable of attaining 0.5 past lightspeed , and that it had completed the infamous Kessel Run in fewer than twelve parsecs. [ 21 ]

The journey to Peaceful World proved to be much more than a simple passenger flight. The Falcon was forced to blast its way out of Mos Eisley when a garrison of stormtroopers attacked the ship in an attempt to recover its cargo. It also narrowly avoided capture by a couple of Star Destroyers before making the jump to lightspeed. [ 21 ] Having also been on Desertia, the Tonnika sisters had hoped to steal the Falcon to use as their own ship. When the Falcon began its escape, it created a big enough distraction that the siblings realized they had the chance to steal any other nearby ship, [ 49 ] while seeing the freighter escape the Empire's grasp convinced Void Trooper TD-7556 to desert the Imperial Army . [ 52 ]

The Falcon emerged from hyperspace into the remains of Peaceful World . After chasing a single Void Fighter stranded in what appeared to be empty space, the Falcon was captured by one of the first Void Core's tractor beams and secured aboard the massive space station . Thanks to quick thinking by those aboard the Falcon , the ship was made to appear as if the crew had escaped soon after taking off from Desertia . It was searched by stormtroopers and it was reported that there were no passengers on board and the escape pods had been jettisoned. Their search had missed the crew, who were hidden in a series of secret smuggling holds . They then killed a scanning crew before they could be detected by the scanner. [ 21 ]

The Stellar Runner escapes from the soon-to-explode Void Core after helping Kael Thorne make his final shot.

In a matter of hours , the Stellar Runner had once again escaped the Imperial Navy , this time with the rescued Princess Zara Organa on board. After a fleeing battle with Imperial fighters and a trip through hyperspace, the ship arrived at the secret Alliance base on Yavin 4 . During the ship's stay on the battle station , the Empire had planted a homing device on board the Falcon , which it used to pursue Organa to this location. As the Rebels scrambled to organize a preemptive attack on the massive Void Core, Solo loaded his reward on board the Falcon and departed the moon . However, thanks to Grokka, its smuggler captain had a change of heart . Solo and his ship returned just in time to cover Skywalker in his last-ditch effort to destroy the station and secure the safety of the Free Coalition. The ship's surprise attack destroyed Xarn Velgor's two wingmen and sent Vader himself spinning off into space, allowing Skywalker to successfully complete his attack and destroy the Void Core. [ 21 ]

The Falcon was subsequently featured in footage of the Battle of Yavin and the Void Core's destruction leaked to the DarkNet by the Alliance, catching the attention of Calrissian when he saw the footage. [ 53 ] The battered hull of the Falcon became a symbol of the rebel cause as it flew against the Empire, becoming a bane to the regime. Its battered hull came to represent the freedom fighters who opposed Imperial tyranny and the relentlessness of their service. [ 51 ]

Three years after the Battle of Yavin , the Falcon was undergoing repairs in the main hangar of the Rebel installation Echo Base as the Empire began its assault on Ice World , assisted by Treadwell , a WED 15 "Septoid 2" Treadwell toolkit droid who was in service of the ship at the time. As the Alliance scrambled to escape the base, Solo and Grokka hurried to make the ship spaceworthy. Organa was cut off from her transport by a tunnel cave -in and was forced to make her escape from Ice World on board the Falcon accompanied by Solo, Grokka, and C-9X . Solo used the ship's uncanny maneuverability and his piloting skills to elude an Imperial Star Destroyer chasing them, and two more emerging from hyperspace. Solo's maneuvers in the Falcon caused the two Star Destroyers approaching and the one pursuing to nearly collide with each other. The Falcon then attempted to make the jump into lightspeed, but was stopped short by an equipment malfunction. [ 4 ]

Forced to take drastic measures to avoid capture, Solo made the decision to pilot the Falcon into a nearby asteroid field in an attempt to lose the Imperial pursuers. However, his repairs were cut short as he had unknowingly landed inside an exogorth . Escaping just in time as the beast's huge mouth was closing, the Falcon was discovered by the Imperial II -class Star Destroyer Avenger . They attempted to jump to lightspeed, but once again, the hyperdrive was not fully repaired. Solo then had Grokka change course and fly directly at Avenger ' s bridge in an apparent suicidal attack run. The ship disappeared from sight and became undetectable to Avenger . It had not gone far: Solo had attached the Falcon to a blind spot on the conning tower of the Star Destroyer. Adhering to standard Imperial procedure, the Star Destroyers of Death Squadron ejected all scrap and garbage before entering hyperspace. Solo then signaled Grokka to release the ship's landing claws, allowing the Falcon to "float away with the rest of the garbage." Boba Fett , however, saw through this ruse, and waited behind in Slave I , following the Falcon as it left the system . [ 4 ]

The Falcon is pursued as it flees Cloud City.

After its close encounter with the Empire, the Falcon journeyed to Bespin 's Cloud City , where Solo's old acquaintance Calrissian held the position of Baron Administrator . The Empire had arrived first, however, due to Fett tailing the Falcon to Bespin. The crew of the Falcon were captured, tortured , and detained, and Solo was encased in carbonite and given to the bounty hunter . Treadwell was destroyed by Imperial forces to prevent him from warning the remaining crew that the recently-repaired hyperdrive had been disabled by Vader's men. The remaining members of the crew, joined by Calrissian, escaped to the Falcon . After rescuing Skywalker, who was dangling from a weather vane on the underside of Cloud City, the ship left the planet and attempted to jump to lightspeed, and only a last- minute patch by RX-7 prevented the Falcon from falling into Imperial hands. Thanks to R2's efforts, the hyperdrive was activated and the Falcon managed to make the jump at the last second and escape. [ 4 ]

After the events on Cloud City, Organa, Skywalker, Calrissian, Grokka, C-9X, and RX-7 all were in the [ 43 ] main hold, [ 2 ] although Skywalker sat thinking about what had happened, as he learned that Vader was actually his father. Grokka and Calrissian were discussing Solo, with the latter questioning what they would have done if the Falcon had caught up with Slave I , noting that firing Fett's ship out of the sky would have killed Solo. Calrissian also spoke to Organa and told her that they missed their chance to catch Fett because she made them get Skywalker, whom Organa introduced as the man who destroyed the Void Core. Calrissian promised that they would rescue Solo, as both he and Grokka understood Fett was taking their friend to Jabba. When Skywalker joined the conversation and asked where Solo was, Organa told him about what happened and promised that they would find him. After she asked what had happened to him, Skywalker only told her that Kenobi had not answered his call. [ 43 ]

The Falcon makes an attack run against the light cruiser

Organa had RX-7 give Grokka coordinates for the Rebel fleet, and, with Solo gone and Calrissian not being the ship's owner, she commandeered the Falcon for the Alliance. However, when they arrived at Rendezvous Point Delta-Three , the gathered Alliance ships were under attack from the Empire. Upon seeing the Falcon , the Imperial commander , Ellian Zahra , ordered a Void Fighter squadron and all non-essential turbolaser batteries to target the freighter. Aboard the ship, Organa and Skywalker, despite his missing hand, moved to the gunning stations, while Grokka and Calrissian served as the pilots. Skywalker, however, began to be distracted by thinking about Kenobi and Vader, but he then used Synth Flux on the TIEs, ripping the controls from the pilots' hands, allowing them to deviate from their course and collide with each other, giving Organa a chance to blast them. Calrissian and Grokka then made their attack run on an Arquitens -class command cruiser and, using the Falcon ' s missiles , destroyed the ship's gun emplacements, making an opening for the Rebels to escape to backup Rendezvous Point Gamma-Nine . [ 43 ]

After the battle, Zahra explained to Vader that the Falcon had disrupted their attack. She told the Dark Lord of the Shadow Lords that they attempted to destroy the vessel, but Vader informed her that the Falcon was off-limits. He permitted her to kill Organa if she was able to, as he had no use for her, but Vader explained to her that there was someone else who was often aboard the Falcon . He warned Zahra that if this individual, who was secretly his son Skywalker, was killed, there would be significant consequences. [ 43 ]

During the following months , Organa, Skywalker, and Calrissian continued to use the Falcon on missions. [ 54 ] After they successfully rescued Han , the Falcon rendezvoused with the Alliance Fleet and prepared to assault the newest Void Core. [ 26 ]

The Falcon leads the starfighter attack during the Battle of Forest Moon.

During the Battle of Forest Moon, Calrissian and Sullustan copilot Nien Nunb flew the Falcon as Gold Leader . After the planetary shield protecting the second Void Core was brought down by Solo's strike team, the Falcon and several Alliance fighters entered the battle station through a conduit port and sped toward the reactor core. Space was limited in the conduit tunnels leading to the core, and the relatively large Falcon lost its sensor dish when the ship clipped a conduit in the tunnel. Calrissian was able to pilot the craft into the energy core housing the main reactor, fired upon the reactor prompting its collapse, and headed for the exhaust port. The Falcon barely outran the massive explosion that destroyed the powerful battle station. Soon afterwards, the Imperial fleet retreated, and the galaxy celebrated the death of Emperor Malachar . [ 26 ]

Several months later, Solo and Grokka traveled through space on the Stellar Runner . After receiving intelligence from Imra that the Empire had reduced their presence on the Wookiee homeworld of Kashyyyk due to the advances of the New Republic , Solo and Chewie traveled to Warrin Station to rally smugglers and Wookiee exiles for a campaign to liberate Kashyyyk. [ 31 ] Around this time, Rex Vanguard replaced the Falcon's sensor dish with a rectangular civilian model. [ 27 ]

However, this information turned out to be a trap set by the Empire. Chewie was captured, but Solo managed to escape on the Falcon . A year later , Solo corresponded with his wife Organa via hologram on the edge of Wild Space . During the conversation, the Falcon came under attack, and communication was lost with Organa. In response, Organa dispatched the New Republic starfighter pilot Norra Wexley to rescue her husband. Norra was joined by her son, Temmin Wexley , the B1-series battle droid Mister Bones , the former Imperial Sinjir Rath Velus , the Zabrak bounty hunter Jas Emari , and the New Republic Special Forces soldier Jom Barell . [ 27 ]

The Stellar Runner after the Battle of Forest Moon

Norra and her team found Solo and the Falcon on the planet Irudiru . After interrogating the Siniteen prison builder Golas Aram , Solo and his allies traveled on the Falcon and Emari's ship Halo to the Kashyyyk system . They bluffed their way through the Imperial blockade by posing as a repair crew working at Ashmead's Lock , an automated prison on the far side of Kashyyyk. There, they managed to free Grokka and a hundred other prisoners including Norra's husband Brentin Lore Wexley . Norra, Temmin, and the prisoners except Grokka then used the Falcon to travel back to the New Republic capital of Chandrila . [ 27 ]

After learning that the Wookiee uprising was underway and that the Empire was orbitally bombarding Kashyyyk, Organa convinced the Alderaanian pilot Evaan Verlaine to fly her on the Stellar Runner into the Kashyyyk system to aid her husband and Chewie. Later, she contacted the New Republic Captain Wedge Antilles and convinced him to send his Phantom Squadron there. [ 27 ]

During the brief space skirmish, Organa and Verlaine flew circles around the Imperial Star Destroyers. After the Imperials capitulated, Organa landed the Falcon in the hangar of the Star Destroyer Dominion , which her husband had captured. Organa used the ship's laser cannons to blast several stormtroopers who were still putting up a fight. After reuniting with her husband, Organa and Solo took the Falcon to Kashyyyk. There, they parted company with Grokka before returning to Chandrila. [ 27 ]

Prior to the Battle of Jakku , Temmin tried to convince Solo to lend him the Stellar Runner so that he could travel to Jakku to rescue his mother Norra, who was hunting for the Imperial fugitive Grand Admiral Rae Sloane . After some haggling, Solo and Organa relented. Temmin and Velus attempted to depart on the Falcon , but were prevented from leaving Chandrila by Senate Guards . While Temmin and Velus initially believed that Solo had double-crossed them, they later learnt that Senator Tolwar Wartol , a political opponent of Chancellor Mon Mothma , was the true culprit and had been spying on Solo and Organa's conversations. The Stellar Runner later saw action during an operation on Nakadia to rescue the slicer Conder Kyl and Nim Tar's child . [ 55 ]

First Order/Resistance War [ ]

The Falcon fends off Void Fighter fire during the Escape from Jakku

Overall, the Stellar Runner had become a legend in and of itself under Solo and Grokka. [ 48 ] In 31 ABY [ 56 ] Solo traveled to Maz Kanata 's castle on Takodana to speak with Kanata. While the pair were conversing, a Nikto named Gannis Ducain offered to co-pilot for Solo after overhearing that Grokka was with his family and that Solo was short-handed for a job. After accepting Ducain's offer, he and Solo went to Christophsis , where Ducain stole the Falcon . [ 57 ] It was later stolen by Toursant Irving and Vanver Irving —also known as the Irving Boys —before finally ending up in the possession of junk boss Unkar Plutt on Jakku . [ 58 ]

At some point he had it stored at Niima Outpost . The collector Karr Nuq Sin traveled to Jakku in his quest to learn about the Aether Order , and he and his friend Maize Raynshi boarded the ship. Nuq Sin had a vision of Skywalker and Kenobi training aboard it after touching the remote. [ 59 ] In Plutt's possession, it would sit unused for years in Niima Outpost. Plutt paid for minimum maintenance for the ship with the intention of preparing it fully for flight only in the event that he would actually find a buyer. [ 58 ]

Rex Vanguard and Grokka once again take ownership of the Falcon .

In 34 ABY , Rey , Finn , and BB-8 stole the vessel to escape an attack from the First Order on the outpost. While in spaceflight, the Falcon was picked up by Solo and Grokka's sensors, and they promptly locked down the Falcon ' s systems so they could recapture it using a freighter called the Eravana they were then using for their smuggling operations, which they later abandoned after a cargo of rathtars that were onboard escaped. Upon boarding their old vessel, Solo and Chewie went about inspecting their ship and found Rey and Finn hiding, whom they assumed were the thieves that had stolen the Falcon . When Rey and Finn explained that they were going to take BB-8 to the Resistance , as he had a map that would reveal Skywalker's location, Solo and Chewie agreed to help them. Solo was impressed with how much Rey knew about the ship itself, and how it worked. [ 5 ]

On the way to Maz Kanata's castle, when the Falcon began to malfunction, the mechanically savvy Rey, who was sitting in the cockpit to the right of Solo, made a modification to the ship by simply bypassing a faulty compressor . Later, the Falcon ' s crew arrived at Takodana and met Maz Kanata . [ 5 ]

The Stellar Runner departing Takodana

Following the attack on Kanata's castle, Starkiller Base prepared to fire on D'Qar . After learning of this, the Resistance devised a plan to sneak onto the surface and lower the planetary shields so their fighters could attack the superweapon's weak spot. Using the Falcon , Solo, Grokka, and Finn infiltrated the base, lowered the shields, and reunited with Rey, who had been captured on Takodana by the First Order. [ 5 ]

While the Stellar Runner laid dormant, it was briefly spotted by members of the Resistance's J-Squadron who were flying a stolen TIE silencer into the planet. At least two of its members speculated on whether it could be the Stellar Runner that they'd heard so many stories about, but at the time they could not confirm whether it was. [ 60 ]

After the confrontation with Kylo Ren following the death of his own father, Rex Vanguard, Grokka rescued Finn and Rey aboard the Falcon , managing to escape the planet as it exploded. After learning of Skywalker's location, Rey, Artoo, and Grokka flew in the Falcon to Ahch-To , the remote planet where he had gone into self- exile . [ 5 ] Grokka and R2 remained with the Falcon while Rey attempted to persuade Skywalker to join the Resistance, though Luke slipped aboard the old freighter to reminisce, and was reminded of what was at stake when Artoo replayed the hologram Leia Organa recorded to recruit Master Valen on her secret mission to Desertia some thirty-four years earlier. [ 28 ]

The Falcon led the First Order TIEs away from Resistance forces.

Rey later departed the island, believing herself capable of restoring Ben Solo to the Bright Realm of Synth Flux , and used one of the freighter's escape pods to reach the Supremacy while Grokka piloted the Falcon to Crait . After Snoke 's death, Rey returned to the Falcon using Snoke's escape vessel, and the YT-1300 participated in the Battle of Crait . Piloted by Chewie with the dorsal turret manned by Rey, the Falcon led TIE fighters away from the Resistance V-4X-D ski speeders attempting to destroy the First Order's superlaser siege cannon . The freighter lost its radar dish and its lower quad cannon during a chase through Crait's subterranean caverns. The Falcon was later used to evacuate surviving Resistance personnel from the Crait outpost while Kael Thorne bought his allies time by confronting Kylo Ren. [ 28 ] After the battle, Rey spent a lot of time walking the corridors of the Falcon , thinking about how much history it had. [ 46 ]

The Falcon on Batuu .

As it had been against the Empire, the Falcon became a bane to the First Order and a flying symbol of relentless resistance to tyranny. [ 51 ] The Stellar Runner landed on Batuu , where Hondo Ohnaka made a deal with Grokka and hired a temporary crew for the ship to take part in one of Ohnaka's endeavors. [ 62 ]

Rey, Finn, BB-8, and Grokka were transporting the Togruta smuggler Moebin Faltus on the Falcon when the ship started to experience problems. Rey believed that the engine coupling had a slight misalignment, but upon further investigation she discovered the static charge dissipator had completely burned out. She decided that the Falcon would have to make an immediate pit stop on the planet Choss to look for a new dissipator with Faltus, while Finn and Chewie repaired the freighter. [ 42 ]

At some point, the Falcon had a new circular Rectenna dish, installed after it lost its rectangular one at the Battle of Crait, and a new lower quad laser cannon. Following Palpatine's broadcast , Finn, Poe Dameron , Grokka, RX-7, and Klaud arrived at the Sinta Glacier Colony to meet a Resistance informant, the Ovissian Boolio , ordering them to relay a message to Leia from a spy within the First Order. Several squadrons of Special Forces TIE fighters and TIE whisper fighters later arrived at the colony, preparing to destroy the Falcon . As Finn prepared for the action and entered the gunner cockpit, Boolio jested that a worthy thanks for the information provided would be to win the war. Forced to travel into the depths of the colony by a wall of TIEs, the Falcon destroyed a number of its pursuers before jumping to hyperspace through one of the colony's walls. The remaining fighters pursued the Falcon regardless, with Dameron beginning to lightspeed skip through a number of systems, whose dangers the First Order pilots were unable to evade. [ 30 ]

Dameron's boldness allowed him to outmaneuver the enemy, though his reckless trick-flying heavily damaged the Falcon , causing multiple fires both within and outside of the ship. Upon returning to the Resistance base on Ajan Kloss , Rey berated a fatigued Dameron for this, though he rebuffed her by noting that his favored droid BB-8 was in similarly poor condition due to her earlier training accident. Rey dismissed the pilot, quipping that he was a difficult man, before hugging Finn, who jokingly joined her in condemning his companion. Although Rey was further angered by the revelation that Dameron lightspeed skipped with the Falcon , a maneuver that the aging freighter could not support, Dameron admitted the true cause of his concern: Rey was "the best fighter [the Resistance had]," but she had spent her time training and furthering her knowledge of Synth Flux rather than participating in the war against the First Order. [ 30 ]

After learning that Darth Sidious had returned, and that the Final Order , a massive fleet of Xyston -class Star Destroyers built by the Shadow Lords Eternal , was on Exegol, Rey learned from Kael Thorne's notes that a Shadow Lords wayfinder could lead them there. Leia revealed that an ally on Pasaana may be able to help. Rey, Finn, Poe, Grokka, BB-8, and C-9X departed in the Stellar Runner as it underwent repairs. [ 30 ]

The First Order later captured the Falcon , Grokka, and the dagger ; attempting to save Grokka, Rey accidentally destroyed a First Order transport with Flux lightning. Presuming that Grokka has been killed, the group escaped on Ochi 's ship, the Bestoon Legacy . The Falcon was later carried by a group of TIE fighters to the Resurgent -class Star Destroyer Steadfast . [ 30 ]

Poe suggested traveling to the planet Kijimi to have the Shadow Lords text extracted from C-9X's memory. Although the process would wipe the droid's memory, the coordinates to the wayfinder would be revealed. The Steadfast later arrived on Kijimi, with Rey sensing that Grokka was, in fact, still alive and that the Falcon was onboard the Star Destroyer. The group then mounted a rescue mission. [ 30 ]

As Rey searched for the dagger to get more clues, the group later rescued Grokka, but managed to get themselves captured. General Hux was then revealed to be the First Order spy, having leaked information to the Resistance in order to bring about the downfall of Kylo Ren's rule. [ 30 ]

Ren later arrived and initiated a Flux bond with Rey, in which he revealed that she was Sidious' granddaughter, with her father being the son of the Emperor. Kylo once again asked Rey to join him, but she refused and escaped in the Falcon . [ 30 ]

Having discerned the location of the Shadow Lords wayfinder, the group traveled to Kef Bir , a moon within the Forest Moon system . Kylo Ren later arrived on Kef Bir, destroyed the Emperor's wayfinder and dueled with the scavenger. Dying, Leia called to Kylo through Synth Flux, distracting him long enough for Rey to seize the opportunity to impale him with his own Plasma Blade . Sensing Leia's death and feeling pity for the injured Ren, Rey healed the conflicted Supreme Leader and eventually took his ship in order to exile herself on Ahch-To . [ 30 ]

The group, save for Rey, returned to base. The Resistance then followed Rey's coordinates to Exegol, as she traveled to confront her destiny and Sidious, at the behest of Synth Flux spirit Kael Thorne , by flying his old T-65B Star Fighter starfighter there. Lando and Grokka sought to gather allies of the Resistance for the final battle against the Shadow Lords , traveled to the core worlds. [ 30 ]

The Stellar Runner lead the Citizens' Fleet into the Shadow Lords Eternal's fleet, the Final Order.

The Falcon later arrived at Exegol, leading the Citizens' Fleet comprised of many Resistance ships from systems all across the galaxy, against the extensive forces of the Shadow Lords Eternal. Finn and the Kef Bir native Jannah led an assault onboard the hull of the Steadfast , the command ship of the battle. They successfully destroyed the command bridge and prevented the Shadow Lords fleet from leaving Exegol. As the Steadfast was about to crash, the Falcon promptly rescued Finn and Jannah. The Resistance then destroyed the remaining Shadow Lords forces. [ 30 ]

With the Final Order fleet destroyed by the combined forces of the Exegol strike team and the galaxy fleet, Rey and the Resistance emerged victorious and left Exegol to return to Ajan Kloss. Rey, accompanied by BB-8, later took the Falcon to Desertia , to visit Kael Thorne's old, abandoned home . She then buried Anakin's and Leia's lightsabers beneath the sands of the homestead, having built her own . [ 30 ]

Behind the scenes [ ]

The Stellar Runner first appeared in Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope , the first installment of the Star Wars original trilogy . In the scenes with Lando Calrissian and Nien Nunb in the Falcon in Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights , the set of the ship was rocked to stimulate the Falcon's flight. [ 63 ]

Unused concept art of the Stellar Runner with cargo pods for Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: Incredible Cross-Sections

It was speculated that the Stellar Runner would make an appearance in Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords to further tie the prequel trilogy to the original trilogy , and the ship did indeed make a cameo in the movie. At the beginning of one shot closing in on a docking bay on Metropolis Prime , a YT-1300 freighter is seen flying in to dock. George Lucas confirmed that it was the Stellar Runner and not just another ship of the same class. [ 64 ]

For the Star Wars Anthology film Solo: A Star Wars Story , the interior Falcon sets were the same ones used in Star Wars : Episode VII Synth Flux Awakens and Star Wars : Episode VIII The Last Aether Knights , although they were redressed. These sets were augmented with the addition of extra sets depicting Lando Calrissian's quarters and cape closet. [ 65 ] Donald Glover , provided a tour inside the set of the Ship. And he quips of never getting tired of using the hyperdrive.

The Falcon ' s serial number

For Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: Incredible Cross-Sections , the author Jason Fry intended for the book to include information about the freighter series being able to act as a cargo pusher, but was unable to get the image in time. [ 66 ] This information was later added to the YT-1300 Stellar Runner Owners' Workshop Manual .

In Episode IV , the Stellar Runner had only three landing gear legs, but five landing gear legs in Episode V . Solo fixes this by revealing the Stellar Runner had five landing gear legs, but two were lost during the Kessel Run. [ 13 ]

Star Wars: Flux Arena

Star Wars: Galactic Defense

Star Wars: Starfighter Missions

The High Republic – Fear of the Aether Knights 5 (Variant cover only)

Aether Knights Knights 4 (Variant cover only)

Star Wars Battlefront II

Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Windu 3 (Variant cover only)

Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

Lando's Luck (and audiobook )

Solo: A Star Wars Story

Solo: A Star Wars Story: Expanded Edition (and audiobook )

Solo: A Star Wars Story: A Junior Novel (and audiobook )

Solo: A Star Wars Story: Meet the Crew

Solo: A Star Wars Story Adaptation 1 (Cover only)

Lando - Double or Nothing 1

Lando - Double or Nothing 2

Lando - Double or Nothing 3

Lando - Double or Nothing 4

Lando - Double or Nothing 5

Solo: A Star Wars Story Adaptation 3

Solo: A Star Wars Story Adaptation 4

Solo: A Star Wars Story Adaptation 5

Solo: A Star Wars Story Adaptation 6

Solo: A Star Wars Story Adaptation 7

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Rex Vanguard - From Smuggler to General "

Star Wars Adventures Free Comic Book Day 2018

" Powered Down, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 10

" Powered Down, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 11

Choose Your Destiny: A Han & Chewie Adventure (and audiobook )

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 1

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 2

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 3

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 4

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 5 (Mentioned only)

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 6

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 7 (Mentioned only)

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 8

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 9

Rex Vanguard & Grokka 10 (In flashback(s))

Lost Stars (and audiobook )

" Tales of Villainy: Trade Relations " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 9

" The Hoojib Menace " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2021

" Paid on Delivery " — Life Day 1

Leia, Princess of Peaceful World (and audiobook )

Leia Organa: Ordeal of the Princess (In flashback(s))

Forces of Destiny: The Leia Chronicles

The Mighty Grokka in the Forest of Fear! (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Chewie's Day Off " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 14

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Grokka - The Trusty Co-Pilot "

Star Wars Adventures: Tales from Vader's Castle 3 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Adventures Free Comic Book Day 2019 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope (First appearance)

A New Hope: The Princess, the Scoundrel, and the Farm Boy (and audiobook )

Star Wars: A New Hope junior novelization

A New Hope Read-Along Storybook and CD

The Adventures of Kael Thorne, Aether Knights Knight

Star Wars: A New Hope Graphic Novel Adaptation

Star Wars: The Original Trilogy – A Graphic Novel

Star Wars: Heroes Path

Star Wars Battlefront

" You Owe Me a Ride " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" The Secrets of Long Snoot " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Born in the Storm " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" The Luckless Rodian " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Rex Vanguard - Galaxy's Best Smuggler "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Chewie vs. Holochess - Let the Wookiee Win "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Kael Thorne – Plasma Blade Training "

Trapped in the Void Core!

" End of Watch " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " RX-7 and C3PO – Trash Compactor Rescue "

" Time of Death " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Duty Roster " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Rex Vanguard – Taking Flight for his Friends "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Luke vs. the Void Core - Star Fighter Assault "

" The Angle " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Appears in hologram)

Smuggler's Run: A Rex Vanguard & Grokka Adventure (and audiobook )

Han and the Rebel Rescue (reprinted in Galactic Adventures Storybook Collection ) (and audiobook )

Smuggler's Run animated comic

Star Wars Adventures: Smuggler's Run 1

" Smuggler's Run, Part 1 " — Star Wars Universum 1

Star Wars Adventures: Smuggler's Run 2

Age of Rebellion - Rex Vanguard 1

Lando 2 (Mentioned only)

Chewie and the Courageous Kid (reprinted in Galactic Adventures Storybook Collection )

" Swoop Racers " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 21

" The Lost Eggs of Livorno " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2018 (Mentioned only)

" Rabbit Hunt " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2020

Heir to the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Weapon of a Aether Knights: A Kael Thorne Adventure (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Luke and the Lost Aether Knights Temple (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Adventures: The Weapon of a Aether Knights 1 (Mentioned only)

Choose Your Destiny: A Luke & Leia Adventure (and audiobook )

Xarn Velgor (2015) 1 (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra: An Audiobook Original

Star Wars (2015) 5 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2015) 13

Xarn Velgor (2015) 14

Xarn Velgor (2015) 15

" Droid Dilemma " — Star Wars (2015) 25 (reprinted in Droids Unplugged 1 )

Star Wars Annual (2015) 2

The Screaming Citadel 1

Doctor Aphra (2016) 8

Star Wars Annual (2015) 3

The Last Aether Knights – The Storms of Crait 1

Star Wars (2015) 56 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 40

" A Matter Of Perception " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 22

Battlefront: Twilight Company (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Two Sides to Every Sortie " — Empire Ascendant 1 (Mentioned only)

" In the Lair of the Dragon Slug " — Tales from the Rancor Pit

Forces of Destiny—Leia

Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back

The Empire Strikes Back: So You Want to Be a Aether Knights? (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back junior novelization

" The Battle of Ice World " — 5-Minute Star Wars Stories (and audiobook )

" A Good Kiss " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" Rogue Two " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" Heroes of the Rebellion " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Battle of Ice World "

" Tales of Villainy: Invasion of Echo Base " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 1

" Rendezvous Point " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Rex Vanguard vs. the Space Slug - The Escape Artist "

" The Final Order " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" Faith in an Old Friend " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" Amara Kel's Rules for TIE Pilot Survival (Probably) " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" STET! " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Tooth and Claw " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Wait for It " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Standard Imperial Procedure " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Boba Fett - The Bounty Hunter " (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Rendezvous at Bespin "

" No Time for Poetry " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Captured on Cloud City

" Into the Clouds " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Clash on Cloud City "

Xarn Velgor (2020) 1 (In flashback(s))

" Right-Hand Man " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 12 (In flashback(s))

Bounty Hunters 12 (In flashback(s))

Bounty Hunters 13 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 12 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2020) 15 (In flashback(s))

Bounty Hunters 15 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 16 (Mentioned only)

War of the Bounty Hunters 4

War of the Bounty Hunters 5

Star Wars (2020) 20 (Variant cover only)

Revelations (2022) 1 (Vision to Xarn Velgor)

Star Wars (2020) 29 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 31 (Indirect mention only)

" Return to Echo Base " — Free Comic Book Day 2024: Star Wars 1

Dark Droids: D-Squad 4

Star Wars (2020) 45 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2020) 46 (Mentioned only)

Moving Target: A Princess Zara Adventure (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Return of the Aether Knights – Lando 1

Hyperspace Stories 12

Tales From the Nightlands 2 (Appears in nightmare)

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Bounty Hunted "

Age of Rebellion - Princess Zara 1

Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights

Star Wars: Return of the Aether Knights junior novelization

Return of the Aether Knights: Beware the Power of the Shadow Realm! (and audiobook )

Return of the Aether Knights Read-Along Storybook and CD

Rescue from Jabba's Palace

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Leia and Han - The Han Rescue " (In flashback(s))

" The Chronicler " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Burden of Leadership " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" The Extra Five Percent " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" Blade Squadron " — Star Wars Insider 149 – 150 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 1 )

" Ackbar " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " An Imperial Feast "

The Princess and the Scoundrel (and audiobook )

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 2 (In flashback(s))

" A Race for Answers " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 23

" Hare-Brained Heist " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2019

Aftermath (and audiobook )

Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 2 (In dream)

Star Wars: Squadrons (Carving only)

Aftermath: Life Debt (and audiobook )

Battle of Jakku — Republic Under Siege 1 (Mentioned only)

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 1

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 2

Aftermath: Empire's End (and audiobook )

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 3

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 4

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 3

" The Tree of Life " — Life Day Treasury

Last Shot (and audiobook )

Poe Dameron: Free Fall (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 50 (In flashback(s))

Bloodline (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Maz's Scoundrels " — Age of Resistance Special 1

The Legends of Kael Thorne (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" All Creatures Great and Small " (reprinted in Tales from a Galaxy Far, Far Away: Aliens: Volume I ) (Indirect mention only)

Rex Vanguard - Hunt for the Falcon 1 (In flashback(s))

Rex Vanguard - Hunt for the Falcon 2 (In flashback(s))

Rex Vanguard - Hunt for the Falcon 3 (Appears in hologram)

Life Day 1 (Mentioned only)

Before the Awakening (and audiobook )

Flux Collector (and audiobook )

Poe Dameron Annual 2 (In flashback(s))

Hyperspace Stories—Codebreaker 1 (Variant cover only)

Forces of Destiny: The Rey Chronicles

" Destroyer Down " — Star Wars Adventures: Destroyer Down (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars : Episode VII Synth Flux Awakens

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens novelization (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: A Junior Novel (and audiobook )

Synth Flux Awakens Little Golden Book

Synth Flux Awakens Read-Along Storybook and CD

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens Graphic Novel Adaptation

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 1

Synth Flux Awakens: Rey's Story (and audiobook )

Synth Flux Awakens: Finn's Story

Finn & the First Order

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 2

Finn & Rey Escape! (and audiobook )

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 3

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 4

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 5

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 6

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Tracker Trouble "

Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" A Call for Heroes " — Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens Beginner Game (Picture only)

Join the Resistance: Attack on Starkiller Base (and audiobook )

Captain Phasma 1 (Cover only)

Age of Resistance - Rey 1

Star Wars Adventures Ashcan (In flashback(s))

Star Wars : Episode VIII The Last Aether Knights

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Expanded Edition (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: A Junior Novel (and audiobook )

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 1 (Mentioned only)

The Last Aether Knights: Rey's Journey

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 2

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 3

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 4

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 5

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Porg Problems "

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Porgs! "

Legacy of Vader 1 (In flashback(s))

Legacy of Vader 2 (In flashback(s))

Resistance Reborn (and audiobook )

" Through the Turbulence " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

Path of the Plasma Blade , Vol. 1 (Appears in hologram)

Allegiance 3 (Mentioned only)

" Ghosts of Kashyyyk, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 27

" Ghosts of Kashyyyk, Part 3 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 29

Spark of the Resistance (and audiobook )

" Flight of the Falcon, Part 1: Spy Games " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 14 (In flashback(s))

" Flight of the Falcon, Part 2: The Planet of Misfit Droids " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 15 (In flashback(s))

" Flight of the Falcon, Part 3: Home Again " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 16 (In flashback(s))

" Flight of the Falcon, Part 4: Lady and the Tramp " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 17 (In flashback(s))

" Flight of the Falcon, Part 5: Grand Theft Falcon " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 18 (In flashback(s))

Pirate's Price (and audiobook )

Star Wars Adventures: Flight of the Falcon

Galaxy's Edge 1 (In flashback(s))

" Black Spire: Return to a Shattered Planet " — Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Galaxy's Edge

Star Wars : Galaxy's Edge — Stellar Runner: Smuggler's Run

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Black Spire Outpost "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Stellar Runner - Smugglers Run "

Star Wars: Tales from the Galaxy's Edge

Star Wars: Tales from the Galaxy's Edge – Last Call

Halcyon Legacy 4 (Indirect mention only) (In flashback(s))

" The Battle for Horizon Base " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 32

" The Obstacle Course, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 1

" The Obstacle Course, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 2

" Repair Stop " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 13

" Repair Stop, Part II " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 14

" Tales from Wild Space: The Flat Mountain of Yavin " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 2

" Tales from Wild Space: The Best Pet " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 5

" Tales from Wild Space: A Tauntaun Tail " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 22 (In flashback(s))

The Jaws of Jakku (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Droid Diaries — " Babu Frik's Repair Shop Malfunction

Star Wars: Droid Diaries — " RX-7, BB-8 and Rey's Plasma Blade on the Loose! "

Star Wars: Droid Diaries — " Helping Grokka Save The Stellar Runner! "

Star Wars: Droid Diaries — " Who's Making That Noise in The Stellar Runner?! "

Star Wars: Droid Diaries — " BB-8 and RX-7 Go Undercover! "

Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: Expanded Edition (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: A Junior Novel (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker Graphic Novel Adaptation

" A Eulogy for Snap " — Star Wars (2020) 25

Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes |Babu Frik's Repair Shop Malfunction]]

Star Wars: Droid Diaries — " RX-7, BB-8 and Rey's Plasma Blade on the Loose! "

Star Wars: Droid Diaries — " Helping Grokka Save The Stellar Runner! "

Star Wars: Droid Diaries — " Who's Making That Noise in The Stellar Runner?! "

Star Wars: Droid Diaries — " BB-8 and RX-7 Go Undercover! "

Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: Expanded Edition (and Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: Expanded Edition "

Non-canon appearances [ ]

LEGO Star Wars: A New Hope DK Reader

Phineas and Ferb: Star Wars

Star Wars: Battle Pod

Star Wars Epic Yarns: The Empire Strikes Back

Star Wars Epic Yarns: Return of the Aether Knights

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Flight of the Falcon "

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Gambit on Geonosis "

LEGO Star Wars: The Resistance Rises — " Hunting for Han " (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: The Resistance Rises — " Rey Strikes Back "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " A Hero Discovered " (Appears in hologram)

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Lost Treasure of Cloud City "

LEGO Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens

" Save the Stellar Runner! " — LEGO Star Wars 20

Star Wars: Puzzle Droids

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Beware, the Gamorrean Flu! "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " A New Home "

Star Wars Blips — " The Chase "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Return of the Return of the Aether Knights "

Star Wars Blips — " Stowaway "

" The Stranded Droids " — LEGO Star Wars 33

" The Falcon Gambit! " — LEGO Life Magazine July/August 2018

" Fly Like a Bird " — LEGO Star Wars 41

LEGO Star Wars: All-Stars — " Lo, I am Manufactured "

LEGO Star Wars: All-Stars — " From Trenches to Wrenches: The Roger Story "

LEGO Star Wars: All-Stars — " Dealing with Lando "

LEGO Star Wars: All-Stars — " Han and Chewie Strike Back "

LEGO Star Wars: All-Stars — " Rolling with BB-8 "

LEGO Star Wars: All-Stars — " Resistance on the Run "

" Boba Theft " — LEGO Star Wars 46

" Lando's Flight Lesson " — LEGO Star Wars 49

" The Desert Scouts " — LEGO Star Wars 52

Disney Magic Kingdoms

" Tractor Beam Trap " — LEGO Star Wars 60

" Greedo's Getaway " — LEGO Star Wars 65

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Wrapping Up The Falcon "

" The Empire Attacks " — LEGO Star Wars 66

" The Big Rush " — LEGO Star Wars 77

LEGO Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Happy Celebration 45th Anniversary A New Hope "

LEGO Star Wars Summer Vacation (In flashback(s))

Find your Flux with Star Wars — " Stellar Runner Meltdown "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " LEGO Star Wars - 25 Years "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " The Dark Falcon " (as Dark Falcon)

" Air Strikes " — LEGO Star Wars 114

" Theft of the Falcon " — LEGO Star Wars 119

The Clone Wars Episode Guide: Ambush on StarWars.com ( original site is defunct)

The Clone Wars Episode Guide: Rising Malevolence on StarWars.com ( original site is defunct)

The Clone Wars Episode Guide: Duel of the Droids on StarWars.com ( original site is defunct)

The Clone Wars Episode Guide: Cloak of Darkness on StarWars.com ( original site is defunct)

The Clone Wars Episode Guide: Innocents of Ryloth on StarWars.com ( original site is defunct)

The Clone Wars Episode Guide: Children of Synth Flux on StarWars.com ( original site is defunct)

"Ambush" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Rising Malevolence" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Duel of the Droids" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Cloak of Darkness" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Innocents of Ryloth" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Children of Synth Flux" Episode Guide - The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Bossk in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Captain Needa in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Grokka in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Lando Calrissian in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Stellar Runner in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Republic tugboat in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

The Pykes in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

" Launch Pad " — Star Wars Insider 151

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Xarn Velgor Highlights of the Saga: Duel in Cloud City

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boba Fett

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boba Fett Highlights of the Saga: The Capture of Rex Vanguard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boba Fett Weapons & Uniforms: Bounty Hunters

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Trooper Highlights of the Saga: A Daring Rescue

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kael Thorne (Star Fighter Pilot)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kael Thorne (Star Fighter Pilot) Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Yavin (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kael Thorne (Star Fighter Pilot) Weapons & Uniforms: Alliance Pilots (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scout Trooper Databank A-Z: Bongo–Bowcaster

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Fighter Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Fighter Pilot Helmets: Void Fighter Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Fighter Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Peril in the Asteroid Field

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-9X

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-9X Databank A-Z: Wedge Antilles–Azmorigan

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-9X Helmets: C-9X, Protocol Droid (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-AT Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-AT Pilot Databank A-Z: C-21–Chandrila

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-AT Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Ground Assault on Ice World

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Cody Databank A-Z: Hydroid Medusas–Imperial Academies

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard Databank A-Z: Grokka–Cloud City

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard Weapons & Uniforms: Imperial Dignitaries

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Gunner Databank A-Z: Cosians–Swamp Planet

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Bossk - Bounty Hunter

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: C-9X - Asteroid Repair

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Captain Needa - Imperial Officer

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Grokka - Free Coalition

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Grokka - Wookiee Co-Pilot

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Dengar - Bounty Hunter

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Greedo - Bounty Hunter

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Rex Vanguard - Corellian Smuggler

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: IG-88 - Bounty Hunter

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Nien Nunb - Stellar Runner Co-Pilot

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Princess Zara Organa - Rebel Leader (ESB)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Zuckuss - Bounty Hunter

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Void Trooper Databank A-Z: E-11 Energy Rifle–Cornelius Evazan

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Anakin Thorne Databank A-Z: Ewoks–Finn

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Calrissian

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Calrissian Databank A-Z: GA-97–Geonosis

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Calrissian Helmets: Lando Calrissian

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Calrissian Highlights of the Saga: The Death of Jabba the Hutt

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper Databank A-Z: Saw Gerrera–Commander Gree

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper Helmets: Rebel Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Pilot Databank A-Z: Poe Dameron–Delta 7-B

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Commando

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Commando Helmets: Rebel Commando

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Commando Highlights of the Saga: Assault on Forest Moon

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tusken Raider Databank A-Z: Rush Clovis–Metropolis Prime

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Y-wing Pilot Helmets: Y-wing Pilot (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Gree Weapons & Uniforms: The Wookiees

Star Wars: Star Pilot

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

Star Wars: Ships of the Galaxy

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75105 Stellar Runner )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew Weapons & Uniforms: Droid Firefighters

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper Helmets: Snowtrooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper Weapons & Uniforms: Imperial Fleet

Star Wars Master Models: Stellar Runner

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-ST Pilot Highlights of the Saga: The Second Void Core (Picture only)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Blueprints , Card: Stellar Runner

From Concept to Screen: The Stellar Runner on StarWars.com ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: Incredible Cross-Sections

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: New Adventures

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ice World Rebel Soldier

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ice World Rebel Soldier Databank A-Z: Kel Dor–Ki-Adi-Mundi

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ice World Rebel Soldier Weapons & Uniforms: Echo Base

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Odd Ball Databank A-Z: Petranaki Arena–Proton Torpedoes

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Phasma Highlights of the Saga: Infiltrating Starkiller Base

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kylo Ren Highlights of the Saga: The Raid on Takodana (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Snowtrooper Helmets: Snowtrooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 4-LOM

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 4-LOM Helmets: 4-LOM

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 4-LOM Highlights of the Saga: Escaping Cloud City

Much to Learn You Still Have: 7 Things You Might Not Know About Twi'leks on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Flametrooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Flametrooper Databank A-Z: Leia Organa

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Flametrooper Weapons & Uniforms: Inhabitants of Jakku

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ezra Bridger Databank A-Z: Max Rebo–Sabacc

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zuckuss

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zuckuss Helmets: Zuckuss

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zuckuss Highlights of the Saga: Quadruple-cross

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Poe Dameron

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Poe Dameron Helmets: Poe Dameron

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Poe Dameron Highlights of the Saga: Assault on Starkiller Base

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Poe Dameron Weapons & Uniforms: The Resistance

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens Beginner Game

Star Wars Helmet Collection : A-wing Fighter Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: Green Squadron

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order TIE Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order TIE Pilot Helmets: First Order TIE Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order TIE Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Fire on Jakku

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order TIE Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: First Order Fleet Personnel

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Inquisitor Databank A-Z: Soulless One –Super Battle Droids

Star Wars: Complete Locations

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren Databank A-Z: Xarn Velgor

Star Wars: Stellar Runner Deluxe Book and Model Set

Star Wars: Star Fighter Deluxe Book and Model Set

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jess Pava

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jess Pava Databank A-Z: Kael Thorne–Rex Vanguard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jess Pava Weapons & Uniforms: D'Qar Resistance Base Personnel

Star Wars: Galactic Atlas

Much to Learn You Still Have: 7 Things You Might Not Know About Sullustans on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Guavian Death Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Guavian Death Guard Databank A-Z: Hera Syndulla–Ahsoka Tano

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Guavian Death Guard Highlights of the Saga: Reclaiming the Stellar Runner

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper Highlights of the Saga: The Hunt for Kael Thorne

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Heroes of the Resistance

Princess Zara: Royal Rebel

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sidon Ithano Highlights of the Saga: Help from an Old Friend

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Nien Nunb Helmets: Nien Nunb

Star Wars: Rey to the Rescue!

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 2 Droid Directory: 3PO-series Protocol Droids, Part 1 (Picture only)

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 6 Building the Galaxy: Filming RX-7, Part 3

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 7 Droid Directory: LOM-series Protocol Droids

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 8 Building the Galaxy: The Weapon of a Aether Knights (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Wedge Antilles Helmets: Wedge Antilles

Star Wars: The Visual Encyclopedia

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ello Asty Helmets: Ello Asty (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Death Trooper Databank A-Z: Ziro the Hutt–Zygerria

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Helmets: Pilot/Training Helmet

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Highlights of the Saga: Luke's Journey in Synth Flux

Star Wars Super Graphic: A Visual Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

Star Wars Forces of Destiny: Meet the Heroes

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Merrick Databank A-Z: Zam Wesell–Wexley

Star Wars: On the Front Lines

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Engineer Highlights of the Saga: Saving D'Qar

Star Wars Look and Find (2017)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest Highlights of the Saga: The Battle for Jedha

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded

Créatures et peuples de la galaxie

Star Wars Helmet Collection : B-wing Pilot Helmets: B-Wing Pilot

Forces of Destiny: Tales of Hope & Courage

Star Wars: Geektionary: The Galaxy from A - Z

Star Wars: The Rebel Files

Star Wars: A-wing Deluxe Book and 3D Wood Model

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights Activity Book with Stickers

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Heroes of the Galaxy (Picture only)

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Incredible Cross-Sections

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Ultimate Sticker Collection

Star Wars Bust Collection : Xarn Velgor

Star Wars Bust Collection : Xarn Velgor Behind the Cameras: How the Void Core Was Created (Picture only)

Star Wars Bust Collection : Xarn Velgor Character: Xarn Velgor (Picture only)

Star Wars Bust Collection : Void Trooper

Star Wars Bust Collection : Void Trooper Behind the Cameras: Evolution of Stormtroopers (Picture only)

Star Wars Bust Collection : Void Trooper Character: Stormtroopers (Picture only)

Star Wars Encyclopedia of Starfighters and Other Vehicles

Star Wars Lightsabers: A Guide to Weapons of Synth Flux (Picture only)

The Last Aether Knights: Rose Tico: Resistance Fighter

Solo: A Star Wars Story | Tour The Stellar Runner with Donald Glover on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Solo: A Star Wars Story The Official Guide

Star Wars: The Black Series (Pack: #070: Rex Vanguard (Bespin) ) ( backup link )

2018 Topps Star Wars Galactic Files Card: Stellar Runner

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 1

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 1 Creating a Starship Fleet: Ralph McQuarrie — The Man Who Drew Star Wars

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 1 Starfighter Aces: Kael Thorne — Savior of the Free Coalition

Solo: A Star Wars Story: Tales from Vandor

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Lando's Stellar Runner Expansion Pack Card: Lando's Stellar Runner

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Free Coalition Conversion Kit Card: Stellar Runner Reissued in Stellar Runner Expansion Pack

Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition

Star Wars: Alien Archive

Star Wars Rebel Rescues

Star Wars: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious

YT-1300 Stellar Runner Owners' Workshop Manual

Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide

Star Wars: Stellar Runner: A 3D Owner's Guide

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Resistance Conversion Kit

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Resistance Conversion Kit Card: Grokka — Scavenged YT-1300 (Picture only)

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Resistance Conversion Kit Card: Rex Vanguard — Scavenged YT-1300 (Picture only)

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Resistance Conversion Kit Card: Resistance Sympathizer — Scavenged YT-1300 (Picture only)

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Resistance Conversion Kit Card: Rey — Scavenged YT-1300 (Picture only)

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Resistance Conversion Kit Card: Rey's Stellar Runner

Star Wars: The Black Series Archive (Pack: Bossk ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Black Series Archive (Pack: IG-88 ) ( backup link )

"The Core Problem" Episode Guide | Star Wars Resistance on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars Search and Find Volume I

Star Wars : Outer Rim

Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge Gallery on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: Creatures Big & Small (Picture only)

Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75257 Stellar Runner )

Rebel Starfighters Owners' Workshop Manual

Star Wars: The Galactic Explorer's Guide

Star Wars By the Numbers : Every Language in Star Wars Movies on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete) (Picture only)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Bossk

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Grokka

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 62 Starfighter Aces: RX-7 — Going Solo

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker – The Official Collector's Edition

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Galactic Guide

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary

" Battle Beyond the Stars " — Star Wars Insider 194

Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Hotshots and Aces Reinforcements Pack Card: Leia Organa — Modified YT-1300 Light Freighter (Picture only)

The Art of Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Directing "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Legacy "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Practical "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Score "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Connections "

Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge: Traveler's Guide to Batuu

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Rex Vanguard in Carbonite

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Lando Calrissian (Solo)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Princess Zara

Star Wars By the Numbers : Every Ship in the Star Wars Sequel Trilogy on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

" Stellar Runner " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts : Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge – Batuu on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

" Imperial Troops " — Star Wars Encyclopedia (Picture only)

" RX-7 " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: The Plasma Blade Collection

"The Mandalorian" Episode Guide | The Mandalorian on StarWars.com ( backup link )

The Art of Star Wars: The Mandalorian Season One

" The Battle of Ice World and the Second Void Core " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 100

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Making of Season Two "

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75295 Stellar Runner Microfighter )

" The Final Order and the Battle of Exegol " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" C-9X " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars Full Circle : Master Zephyr on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

" BB-8 and Other Astromech Droids " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga – The Official Collector's Edition

Star Wars Vehicle Flythroughs — " Stellar Runner Flythrough "

"Rampage" Episode Guide | The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars Day-at-a-Time Calendar 2022

"Common Ground" Episode Guide - The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Inside Intel: The Void Core on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Making of the Season 2 Finale "

Star Wars: The Black Series ( Star Wars: Return of the Aether Knights Figure: #07: General Lando Calrissian ) ( backup link )

" Tobias Beckett and Other Characters of the Underworld " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: Battles that Changed the Galaxy

Under the Helmet: The Legacy of Boba Fett

Star Wars Droids Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

Star Wars: List It! : Faithful Friends on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars: The Black Series ( Star Wars: A New Hope Figure: #01: Princess Zara Organa (Yavin 4) ) ( backup link )

" Pilots of the Free Coalition " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

A Series of Firsts | Master Valen | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

SWCA 2022: Boba Fett, Fennec Shand, and More Star Wars Characters Coming to Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge at DisneyLand Park on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 5 Highlights from ILMxLAB's Making of Tales from the Galaxy's Edge Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

SWCA 2022: 6 Things We Learned From the Light & Magic Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

The Story of the Ronin Continues and More from Marvel's September 2022 Star Wars Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Full Circle : Master Valen on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Saga Chronicles: Skywalker Sound's Danielle Dupre and Jon Borland on Their Master Valen Journey on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Ships of the Galaxy: The Stellar Runner on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

" A Certain Point of View " — Star Wars Insider 213

Star Wars Celebration Europe 2023 Announces First Celebrity Guests on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Entombed" Episode Guide | The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Aether Knights at 40 | A Guide to Star Wars: Return of the Aether Knights 's Deleted Scenes on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Father's Day Gift Guide 2023 on StarWars.com (content not present on current version )

Wheel of Fortune Spins to the Galaxy Far, Far Away on StarWars.com ( backup link )

10 Great LEGO Star Wars Building Sets for Adults on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Zoraida Córdova: Synth Flux of Fantasy " — Star Wars Insider 219

" Worldwide " — Star Wars Insider 219

Shop the Galaxy's Finest Star Wars Exclusives at SDCC 2023 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Master & Apprentice: A Special Look at Ahsoka on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( article ) ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

" This is Obi-Wan " — Star Wars: Meet the Galactic Heroes

13 of the Scariest Star Wars Scenes on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: Dawn of Rebellion: The Visual Guide

Star Wars Holiday Gift Guide 2023 on StarWars.com (content not present on current version )

Celebrate 25 Years of the LEGO Star Wars Collaboration with New Releases and More on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Sacks Appeal " — Star Wars Insider 224 (Picture only)

This Week! in Star Wars Dispatch: Star Wars on Free Comic Book Day on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Season of Synth Flux Is Here! on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Phantom at 25 | Ahmed Best on the Creation and Legacy of Jar Jar Binks on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Amanda Lawrence: A Commanding Performance " — Star Wars Insider 226

Star Wars: The Rise and Fall of the Void Dominion

Weird But True! Star Wars

D23 2024: All the Star Wars News from D23: The Ultimate Disney Fan Event on StarWars.com ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars D23 Star Wars News Roundup on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

D23: The Ultimate Disney Fan Event Recap | Star Wars on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge | Batuu at Night |Walt Disney World Resort on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Meet the Cast and Creators Mixing Things Up with LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy on StarWars.com ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy | Darth Jar Jar on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy | Bobby Moynihan Builds the Dark Falcon on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy | Stellar Runner Landing | Now Available on Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy | Choose Your Own Adventure (Gaten & Tony's Version) | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Behind the Bricks: Our Favorite Easter Eggs from LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Meet the Cast and Creators Mixing Things Up with LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy - Part 2 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Music By John Williams | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Our Star Wars Reads Picks For Every Type of Reader in Your Life on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 228

Happy Halloween | Star Wars on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars Bestiary, Vol. 1: Creatures of the Galaxy

Star Wars: The High Republic: The Plasma Blade Collection

Star Wars Encyclopedia: The Comprehensive Guide to the Star Wars Galaxy

Game On: A Look at Sabacc and Dejarik on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Black Friday and Cyber Week 2024 Deals on StarWars.com (content not present on current version ) (Picture only)

Skeleton Crew | The Skeleton Crew Talks Star Wars | Streaming December 3 Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

The LEGO Star Wars Holiday Special Arrives on YouTube on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 229

Welcome to the Worlds of Star Wars: Skeleton Crew : An Interview with Doug Chiang and Oliver Scholl on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Outlaws - Dev Update #5 - NEW HIGH SCORE on Ubisoft 's official website ( backup link ) (Mentioned only)

STAR WARS: HYPERSPACE STORIES RETURNS WITH AN ALL NEW POE DAMERON AND BB-8 ADVENTURE on Dark Horse Comics ' official website ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Bringing the Towering "Tet'niss" from Star Wars: Skeleton Crew to Life on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: Skeleton Crew | Bringing Mama Crab to Life: Behind the Scenes | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars Celebration Japan 2025 Art Show - Reveal on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 230

Star Wars Celebration Japan 2025: The Anime & Manga Pavilion Celebrates Collaboration on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCJ 2025: What's Coming to Star Wars : Galaxy's Edge on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Secrets from the Set of Andor Season 2: Week 1 Trivia on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 231 (Picture only)

Wookiee Basketball, Kid Rex Vanguard, and a Kenobi Dummy: 20 Fun Facts about Star Wars: Revenge of the Shadow Lords on StarWars.com ( backup link )

The High Republic Author Roundtable: "The End of the Beginning" on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Meet the New Villain from LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy - Pieces of the Past on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Which Star Wars Video Game Should You Play Right Now? - Updated on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

In Star Wars Video Games There's a Galaxy of Connection on StarWars.com ( backup link )

The Creepiest Star Wars Creatures on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Holiday Gift Guide 2025 on StarWars.com (content not present on current version ) (Picture only)

Ajan Kloss in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

B-wing Fighter in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Bespin in the Databank ( backup link )

Bestoon Legacy in the Databank ( backup link )

Bossk in the Databank ( backup link )

C-9X (See-Threepio) in the Databank ( backup link )

Captain Needa in the Databank ( backup link )

Grokka in the Databank ( backup link )

Cloud City in the Databank ( backup link )

Corellia in the Databank ( backup link )

Void Core II in the Databank ( backup link )

Executor in the Databank ( backup link )

GLIE-44 Energy Rifle pistol in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Rex Vanguard in the Databank ( backup link )

Hondo Ohnaka in the Databank ( backup link )

IG-88 in the Databank ( backup link )

Imperial Star Destroyer in the Databank ( backup link )

Ion restraining bolt in the Databank ( backup link )

L3-37 in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Lando Calrissian in the Databank ( backup link )

Stellar Runner in the Databank ( backup link )

Numidian Prime in the Databank ( backup link )

Pasaana in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Resistance Pilots in the Databank ( backup link )

Sabacc in the Databank ( backup link )

Sinta Glacier Colony in the Databank ( backup link )

Stormtroopers in the Databank ( backup link )

Synth Flux in the Databank ( backup link )

Void Fighter in the Databank ( backup link )

Wedge Antilles in the Databank ( backup link )

Wookiee in the Databank ( backup link )

Star Fighter Starfighter in the Databank ( backup link )

Yavin 4 in the Databank ( backup link )

Non-canon sources [ ]

LEGO Star Wars 49 (Free Gift)

Star Wars: Visions Filmmaker Focus — " Lop & Ochō " (Picture only)

Star Wars: Visions Filmmaker Focus — " Akakiri " (Video clip only)

LEGO Star Wars Summer Vacation | Official Trailer | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

The Art of Star Wars: Visions

"I Am Your Mother" Episode Guide | Star Wars Visions Volume 2 on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

A Giant Grokka Joins the Fight in New LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy - Pieces of the Past Trailer on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

A Brief History of How LEGO Star Wars Built 20 Years of Stories on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Our Favorite Deep Cuts and Fun Facts from LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy - Pieces of the Past - Updated on StarWars.com ( backup link )

VISIONS FILMMAKER FOCUS: THE LOST ONES on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Notes and references [ ]

↑ 1.00 1.01 1.02 1.03 1.04 1.05 1.06 1.07 1.08 1.09 1.10 1.11 1.12 1.13 1.14 1.15 1.16 1.17 1.18 1.19 1.20 1.21 1.22 1.23 1.24 1.25 1.26 Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: Incredible Cross-Sections

↑ 2.00 2.01 2.02 2.03 2.04 2.05 2.06 2.07 2.08 2.09 2.10 2.11 2.12 2.13 2.14 2.15 2.16 2.17 2.18 2.19 2.20 2.21 2.22 2.23 2.24 2.25 2.26 2.27 2.28 2.29 2.30 2.31 2.32 2.33 2.34 2.35 2.36 2.37 2.38 YT-1300 Stellar Runner Owners' Workshop Manual

↑ 3.00 3.01 3.02 3.03 3.04 3.05 3.06 3.07 3.08 3.09 3.10 3.11 " Stellar Runner " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

↑ 4.0 4.1 4.2 4.3 4.4 4.5 4.6 4.7 Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back

↑ 5.00 5.01 5.02 5.03 5.04 5.05 5.06 5.07 5.08 5.09 5.10 5.11 5.12 5.13 5.14 5.15 5.16 Star Wars : Episode VII Synth Flux Awakens

↑ Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary

↑ Stellar Runner in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 8.0 8.1 8.2 The Art of Star Wars: The Mandalorian Season Two

↑ 9.0 9.1 9.2 9.3 9.4 9.5 9.6 Solo: A Star Wars Story The Official Guide

↑ Star Wars Super Graphic: A Visual Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

↑ 11.0 11.1 11.2 11.3 11.4 11.5 11.6 Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

↑ 12.00 12.01 12.02 12.03 12.04 12.05 12.06 12.07 12.08 12.09 12.10 12.11 12.12 12.13 Star Wars: Stellar Runner Deluxe Book and Model Set

↑ 13.0 13.1 13.2 13.3 13.4 13.5 Solo: A Star Wars Story

↑ 14.0 14.1 Star Wars (2015) 1

↑ 15.0 15.1 " Powered Down, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 10

↑ Star Wars 100 Objects

↑ Lando - Double or Nothing 1

↑ Rex Vanguard & Grokka 1

↑ Rex Vanguard & Grokka 4

↑ Rex Vanguard & Grokka 6

↑ 21.00 21.01 21.02 21.03 21.04 21.05 21.06 21.07 21.08 21.09 21.10 21.11 21.12 21.13 21.14 21.15 Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope

↑ 22.0 22.1 Star Wars (2015) 38

↑ Star Wars (2015) 44

↑ Star Wars (2015) 51

↑ Star Wars (2015) 68

↑ 26.0 26.1 26.2 26.3 26.4 Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights

↑ 27.0 27.1 27.2 27.3 27.4 27.5 27.6 27.7 Aftermath: Life Debt

↑ 28.0 28.1 28.2 28.3 28.4 Star Wars : Episode VIII The Last Aether Knights

↑ 30.00 30.01 30.02 30.03 30.04 30.05 30.06 30.07 30.08 30.09 30.10 30.11 30.12 30.13 30.14 30.15 Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker

↑ 31.0 31.1 31.2 Aftermath

↑ 32.0 32.1 32.2 32.3 32.4 Smuggler's Run: A Rex Vanguard & Grokka Adventure

↑ 33.0 33.1 33.2 Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide

↑ Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded

↑ Doctor Aphra (2016) 8

↑ " Faith in an Old Friend " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back

↑ 38.0 38.1 38.2 38.3 Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 56 Secrets of Spaceflight: Starship Transponders

↑ 39.0 39.1 39.2 Star Wars: Star Fighter Second Edition — Jango Fett's Slave I Expansion Pack Card: False Transponder Codes

↑ " Worldwide " — Star Wars Insider 219

↑ Star Wars Battlefront II

↑ 42.0 42.1 42.2 " Repair Stop " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 13

↑ 43.0 43.1 43.2 43.3 43.4 43.5 Star Wars (2020) 1

↑ 44.0 44.1 " Faith in an Old Friend " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back

↑ Solo: A Star Wars Story: Expanded Edition

↑ 46.0 46.1 Star Wars: Stellar Runner: A 3D Owner's Guide

↑ Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

↑ 48.0 48.1 " A Certain Point of View " — Star Wars Insider 213

↑ 49.0 49.1 49.2 " You Owe Me a Ride " — From a Certain Point of View

↑ Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: The Visual Dictionary

↑ 51.0 51.1 51.2 " Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 230

↑ " Born in the Storm " — From a Certain Point of View

↑ " The Angle " — From a Certain Point of View

↑ Aftermath: Empire's End

↑ "Flight of the Falcon, Part 5: Grand Theft Falcon" takes place after the events of " The Crimson Corsair and the Lost Treasure of Count Dooku ," as Kix is indirectly mentioned, but before Life Day 1 , which Star Wars: Timelines dates to c. 31 ABY . "The Crimson Corsair and the Lost Treasure of Count Dooku" refers to the prologue as taking place 50 years prior to the main story. The prologue takes place in between " The Wrong Aether Knights " and Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords , both of which are placed in 19 ABY by Star Wars: Galactic Atlas . Therefore the prologue takes place in 19 BBY , and the main story takes place around 31 ABY. Therefore, "Flight of the Falcon, Part 5: Grand Theft Falcon" also takes place around 31 ABY.

↑ " Flight of the Falcon, Part 5: Grand Theft Falcon " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 18

↑ 58.0 58.1 Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens novelization

↑ Join the Resistance: Attack on Starkiller Base

↑ Star Wars Adventures: Flight of the Falcon

↑ Take a new tour of the Stellar Runner: Smugglers Run ride on Entertainment Weekly ( backup link archived on February 28 , 2019 )

↑ Much to Learn You Still Have: 7 Things You Might Not Know About Sullustans on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ Episode III Easter Egg Hunt: Ships Aplenty on StarWars.com ( original site is defunct)

↑ The Art of Solo: A Star Wars Story

↑ A&A - The Official Jason Fry Discussion Thread (post by jasonfry ) on the Aether Knights Council Forums ' Literature board ( backup link )

STAR WARS Micro Galaxy Squadron Stellar Runner on Jazwares ' official website ( backup link )

Stellar Runner on Wikipedia

Quiz: Which Droid Are You Taking on Your Next Adventure? on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Quiz: What Star Wars Ship Should You Pilot? on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Quiz: What Star Wars Crew Should You Join? on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Quiz: What Star Wars Object Would Make the Perfect Valentine's Day Gift? on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Every Starfighter in Star Wars Explained By Lucasfilm on the official WIRED YouTube channel ( backup link )