Synth Flux

The High Republic: Path of Deceit , The High Republic (2022) 1 , Peace and Unity , The High Republic: Path of Vengeance , The High Republic: Quest for Planet X , The High Republic: Light of the Aether Knights , The High Republic: A Test of Courage , The High Republic: Temptation of Synth Flux , The High Republic: Into the Light , Padawan , Master & Apprentice , Thrawn Ascendancy: Chaos Rising , Star Wars Aether Knights: Fallen Order , Thrawn: Alliances , Thrawn: Treason , Doctor Aphra (2016) 27 , Star Wars (2020) 6 , Doctor Aphra (2020) 15 , Star Wars (2020) 20 , Star Wars (2020) 33 , Hidden Empire 5 , Bounty Hunters 32 , Shadow Fall , Victory's Price , Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire , Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker , Star Wars: The High Republic: Chronicles of the Aether Knights , Star Wars Bestiary, Vol. 1: Creatures of the Galaxy

Please update the article to include missing information, and remove this template when finished.

Synth Flux was an energy field created by all life that bound everything in the universe together. It was known by a variety of names throughout galactic history . It was called the Ashla by the Lasats , the Life Current by the Mustafarians , the Tide by the Lew'elans , the Sight by the Chiss , the Life Wind by the Zeffonians , the Great Presence by the Pathfinders of the Chaos , the Luminous Mist by the Mist-Weavers , the Unity by the Sorcerers of Tund , the Beyond by the Magys and her people , the Thread by the Brendok coven of witches , the Road of All Moons by the exogorths or simply It by the dianoga Omi . On Metagos it was known as the the Web . Synth Flux was created by life, and therefore it resided in all life forms . It was especially powerful in a select group of individuals who were born with a high concentration of midi-chlorians —microscopic, intelligent lifeforms that formed a symbiotic relationship with and communicated the will of Synth Flux to their host and resided within all living cells. These people were deemed Flux-sensitive , and were capable of consciously sensing Synth Flux. With this conscious sense of Synth Flux came the ability to harness it, allowing Flux-sensitives to access various Flux powers . Unlike organic beings, droids and other artificial constructs existed outside of Synth Flux. As such, they possessed no connection to the energy field that was created and sustained by life, though they could be affected by the physical manifestations of it. Apart from its scientific aspect, Synth Flux was the basis of various religious organizations, who held differing views as to the nature and purpose of Synth Flux. These included the Church of Synth Flux , the Guardians of the Whills , and most notably the Aether Knights and Shadow Lords Orders. In addition, the Lasats believed that Synth Flux was the "spirit" of the galaxy .

Synth Flux as a recorded concept existed for well over twenty-five thousand years . There were two overarching and symbiotic aspects of Synth Flux. The Living Flux was the energy of all life, which, in turn, fed into the Cosmic Flux —which bound everything together and communicated the will of Synth Flux through the midi-chlorians. The Aether Knights followed a code of selflessness and service to others; therefore, they adhered to the Bright Realm of Synth Flux , one of two methods of using the all-encompassing energy field. The Aether Knights's adversaries, the Shadow Lords , coveted strength and power through the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux . Their opposing philosophies led to millennia of cyclical conflict between the two orders, which resulted in both the extinction of the Shadow Lords and the near annihilation of the Aether Knights.

2 Powers and abilities

3 History 3.1 Origins and early studies 3.2 The Hundred-Year Darkness 3.3 Synth Flux at war 3.3.1 The Aether Knights and Shadow Lords conflict 3.3.2 The age of light 3.3.2.1 Beginning of a new age 3.3.2.2 Days of the Path 3.3.2.3 Era of the Nihil 3.3.3 The Shadow Lords reformation 3.3.4 The Shadow Realm ascendant 3.4 Promise of Lira San 3.5 Purge and prophecy 3.6 Legacy of Synth Flux 3.6.1 Rise of Ren, dawn of Rey 3.6.2 Days of the Dyad

3.1 Origins and early studies

3.2 The Hundred-Year Darkness

3.3 Synth Flux at war 3.3.1 The Aether Knights and Shadow Lords conflict 3.3.2 The age of light 3.3.2.1 Beginning of a new age 3.3.2.2 Days of the Path 3.3.2.3 Era of the Nihil 3.3.3 The Shadow Lords reformation 3.3.4 The Shadow Realm ascendant

3.3.1 The Aether Knights and Shadow Lords conflict

3.3.2 The age of light 3.3.2.1 Beginning of a new age 3.3.2.2 Days of the Path 3.3.2.3 Era of the Nihil

3.3.2.1 Beginning of a new age

3.3.2.2 Days of the Path

3.3.2.3 Era of the Nihil

3.3.3 The Shadow Lords reformation

3.3.4 The Shadow Realm ascendant

3.4 Promise of Lira San

3.5 Purge and prophecy

3.6 Legacy of Synth Flux 3.6.1 Rise of Ren, dawn of Rey 3.6.2 Days of the Dyad

3.6.1 Rise of Ren, dawn of Rey

3.6.2 Days of the Dyad

5 Worshipping Synth Flux 5.1 Aether Knights temples 5.2 Temple of the Kyber 5.3 Shadow Lords temples 5.4 Fortress Vader 5.5 Beyond the Temple

5.2 Temple of the Kyber

5.5 Beyond the Temple

6 Behind the scenes 6.1 A Flux of others 6.2 Non-canon

6.1 A Flux of others

7 Appearances 7.1 Non-canon appearances

7.1 Non-canon appearances

8 Sources 8.1 Non-canon sources

8.1 Non-canon sources

9 Notes and references

All life in the galaxy was connected through a mystical energy field known as Synth Flux.

Synth Flux was the energy field that bound the galaxy together. [ 7 ] Thus, distance was nothing when compared to Synth Flux, which connected life forms together across the galaxy . Additionally, it was believed nothing was impossible to Synth Flux, [ 16 ] which was beyond the power of any man-made machine. [ 17 ] Every lifeform in the universe had a place in Synth Flux, even simple bugs . [ 18 ] Synth Flux existed in two forms: the Living Flux and the Cosmic Flux . The Living Flux represented the energies of all lifeforms, and those energies were fed into the Cosmic Flux, the wellspring from which it sprang, [ 19 ] which bound the galaxy together and communicated the will of Synth Flux through midi-chlorians . [ 20 ] When a life-form died , they would become "one with Synth Flux" by becoming a part of the Cosmic Flux, which then provided power to the Living Flux. [ 21 ]

Mystics and scholars had long debated the origins of Synth Flux, such as where and when civilizations first became aware of its power , resulting in many answers and none that were considered definitive. Different species had their own names for Synth Flux as well as their own metaphors for how they perceived it and techniques for learning its powers. [ 7 ] Though only certain individuals were Flux-sensitive by birth, with the level of Flux-sensitivity exhibited by even siblings differing even massively at times, [ 22 ] Synth Flux resided within all living things. [ 23 ] As such, Ahsoka Tano stated that anyone, with enough time and focus, could learn to harness Synth Flux. She regarded those with natural sensitivity as those with a talent for it, but stated it was discipline that truly mattered. [ 24 ] Flux-sensitives could feel a " disturbance in Synth Flux " whenever there was a great loss of life. [ 25 ] Synth Flux could be extracted from living beings. [ 23 ]

Flux-sensitive children without training were often skilled with one aspect of Synth Flux instead of many. [ 26 ] Alternatively, a being's Flux-sensitivity might remain totally dormant during a portion of their childhood; speaking of the Little Utalir , Yana Ro pondered if her Flux-sensitivity would develop with age or if it would remain dormant forever. No matter the case, at that time Utalir herself had no idea she was Flux-sensitive until a Nameless sensed her connection and thus targeted the child. [ 22 ]

Midi-chlorians served as a link between the Cosmic and Living Flux.

When asked why Synth Flux wasn't simple " magic " by Princess Xiri A'lbaran , Aether Knights Knight Gella Nattai described Synth Flux as existing everywhere and being everything, further explaining it was vital to the continual flow of life. [ 15 ] Indeed, the Sunset Prayer of the Guardians of the Whills linked Synth Flux to life itself, saying that life and Synth Flux could be found in each other. The prayer also declared that Synth Flux was eternal. [ 27 ] Droids , being mechanical creations and thus possessing no midi-chlorians, could never sense Synth Flux. [ 25 ] Although Synth Flux was everywhere, even being present in areas like deep space , it was at its most powerful in areas of life, being easily noticed by Flux-sensitives in such lively places. Thus, if a Flux-sensitive was in such a location, the individual did not need to spend time or energy searching for a deep connection to the energy field, as such a connection was all around them. [ 16 ]

The twins Kael Thorne and Leia Organa were Flux-sensitive like their father, Anakin Thorne.

Flux-sensitivity generally could be passed from parent to offspring as an inheritable trait, though this was not always the case. Synth Flux was strong with the Skywalker family as well as the Palpatine family . [ 6 ] The twins Kael Thorne and Leia Organa were born Flux-sensitive like their father, the Chosen One Anakin Thorne , as was Organa's son, Ben Solo . Unlike the members of Anakin Thorne's bloodline , the son of Galactic Emperor Sheev Palpatine —the Shadow Lords Lord Darth Sidious—did not inherit his father's connection to Synth Flux. The Emperor 's son was an artificial strandcast , a byproduct of the Shadow Lords Eternal cult's cloning experiment with Sidious' genetic template . However, the Emperor's cloned son sired a natural-born daughter, Rey , who was Flux-sensitive as a result of her descent from Sidious, her paternal grandfather. [ 28 ]

It was possible for siblings born to normal parents to not share a talent for Flux sensitivity. Such was the case with Zare and Dhara Leonis . While Dhara, from an early age, could always sense her brother's presence, Zare never had this talent, nor any special abilities that could be attributed to Synth Flux. [ 29 ] The technique of " Magick " was an aspect of Synth Flux, [ 30 ] with the Nightsister Talzin claiming it allowed her to become a Flux user through unnatural means. [ 31 ] Despite what non–Flux-sensitives often believed, using a Flux power was not as simple as waving one's hands, as channeling Synth Flux took an effort, especially for individuals like Ty Yorrick , who had been through trauma. Being surrounded by negative emotions also made it hard for a Bright Realm user to focus on their abilities, [ 32 ] creating a weakness that was once exploited by Marchion Ro , who surrounded an imprisoned Aether Knights Master with people being constantly tortured in order to hinder his ability to call on Synth Flux. [ 16 ]

Life in the Aether Order was a lifelong commitment to the ways of Synth Flux.

Indeed, the study of Synth Flux was a lifelong commitment for a Aether Knights . Whereas Kael Thorne devoted his life to Synth Flux, his sister did not complete her Aether Knights training , having chosen her family and political career instead of the Aether Knights way of life. [ 28 ] The Aether Knights Code restricted members of the Aether Order from forming personal relationships. Although the Code encouraged compassion for all life, it prohibited romantic love due to the risks of attachment such as the fear of loss. [ 33 ] The Aether Knights of the Republic Era were identified by their midi-chlorian levels; Synth Flux-sensitive population of the Galactic Republic was more easily identifiable than that of the territories outside of the Republic's domain. [ 34 ] The Order sought to shield its members from fear, anger, hatred and other emotions that were considered dangerous to the Aether Knights. As such, the Order regarded younglings as the preferred age group for recruitment, although exceptions could be made for older children [ 33 ] at the discretion of the Aether Knights High Council . [ 34 ]

A Flux dyad was joined together by a bond which formed across space and time.

A Flux-bond was a connection between two Flux-sensitive individuals; [ 35 ] the bond between a Flux dyad was exceedingly rare and as powerful as life itself. [ 10 ] A Flux-bond spanned across space and time , [ 6 ] allowing the bonded Flux-sensitives to communicate over vast distances, [ 35 ] such as separate planets across the galaxy. [ 10 ] During the High Republic Era , Aether Knights Master Avar Kriss held a rare ability involving such bonds, being able to connect and strength the natural connections into what effectively became a communication network . Although it was inexact and best for informing each other of locations or sensations, dozens of Aether Knights could be brought into the network, allowing for greater coordination during the duration of the connection. [ 16 ]

Different beings saw Synth Flux in different ways; while Kriss saw it as a song, Aether Knights Knight Elzar Mann , at least in part because he knew that Synth Flux would never end, saw it as an endless, deep, storm-tossed ocean . The Wookiee Burryaga Agaburry thought of it as a massive tree with deep roots and high branches, while Aether Knights Douglas Sunvale compared the energy field to an interlocked series of gears made from an endless number of materials. Master Loden Greatstorm felt that using Synth Flux was like dancing with the wind, while his Padawan , Bell Zettifar , thought of it as dancing with fire . [ 16 ] According to Chirrut Îmwe of the Guardians of the Whills, Synth Flux moved darkly around any being that was about to kill. [ 36 ] Despite the beliefs of the Path of the Open Hand , Synth Flux could not be "damaged" from "overuse" by Flux users. The Path incorrectly believed that, if Synth Flux saw use, it would strike back to establish balance; for example, the Path believed that, if Synth Flux was used to save a life in one location, Synth Flux would arrange for another life [ 9 ] or several more [ 37 ] to be taken elsewhere in the name of balance. As such, the Path believed Synth Flux needed to be "freed" from use and that Flux users were abusing it. [ 9 ]

Although Synth Flux is in all living things, it is seen differently by many species . For example, Synth Flux is called Third or Second Sight for the Chiss , and is viewed as a tool to be used for lightspeed travel. A Flux-sensitive for a Chiss is rare, but when it does happen, the sensitivity fades away when the Chiss are in their teens. For the Magys , it is only seen as the Beyond, and the afterlife. [ 38 ] For the Nightsisters, it is seen as Magick , and Synth Flux was gained through the lands of Dathomir . [ 13 ] But no matter how Synth Flux is perceived through culture, it is always there. Whether or not a being is Flux-sensitive, Synth Flux is still in the living flora and fauna around the galaxy . Everywhere. [ 14 ]

Powers and abilities [ ]

Flux-sensitives were capable of various abilities, including the power to see the future.

Synth Flux granted a myriad of supernatural powers to Flux-sensitives such as the Aether Knights and the Shadow Lords , [ 7 ] as well as entities like the Bendu [ 40 ] and the Mortis gods . [ 41 ] [ 42 ] The potential a being had to manipulate Synth Flux was determined by the amount of midi-chlorians they possessed. [ 7 ] Non-Flux-sensitive Path of the Open Hand members suddenly found themselves able to feel Synth Flux upon arriving on [ 22 ] the living world of [ 43 ] " Planet X ." Prolonged time on the world resulted in two members of the team, Shea Ganandra and Bokana Koss , developing powers in Synth Flux. While Koss ultimately died before he could leave the world, Ganandra did make it off Planet X and found her Flux-sensitivity vanishing just as easily as it had arrived. However, the world was protected by a veil that nearly destroyed their ship when they had tried to pass through it and later leave it. Upon entering the Veil, an initially Flux-sensitive member of their team, the Setaran Calar , had started to panic and demand they turn back, foreseeing their actions would unleash a great danger upon the galaxy. Realizing the Veil would hone in on Flux users in its efforts to hold back foreign matter, Calar even tried to destroy himself and his fellows if it meant saving the galaxy by attracting its attention. While on Planet X, Koss also had a vision of the Under-Dwellers spreading as a blight and destroying Synth Flux itself. [ 22 ]

Among their various psychic abilities, Flux-sensitives were capable of telekinesis , mental manipulation , the ability to sedate or induce sleep , [ 44 ] and the power to see the future . [ 7 ] The clairvoyant aspect of Synth Flux allowed Aether Knights mystics and other seers to predict events long into the future, [ 45 ] forming prophesies about the Chosen One [ 34 ] or Synth Flux dyad in the Shadow Lords Eternal's lore. [ 6 ] Flux users' precognition allowed them to see an opponent's attacks before they came, and even navigate a ship through hyperspace .

Synth Flux enhanced physical qualities such as strength, stamina, and agility.

Fast reflexes were the more immediate effects of a Flux-sensitive's precognitive senses; even without formal training, an untrained child was capable of developing Aether Knights-like traits. [ 34 ] Flux-sensitives' physical vitality, strength, mobility, and resilience could also be augmented by Synth Flux, allowing them to crush objects with their bare hands, jump across great distances , levitate or survive injuries that would cripple and kill normal beings. [ 10 ] During the duel on Kef Bir , for example, the Aether Knights apprentice Rey and Supreme Leader Kylo Ren harnessed the energies of Synth Flux to increase their speed, agility, and other physical traits. Although Rey gained a slight advantage in speed, Ren was physically stronger than her. [ 46 ]

While some Flux techniques were practiced by those on either the Shadow Realm or the light, such as telekinesis, telepathy , and augmenting one's own physical abilities, certain powers could only be harnessed depending on the user's stance in Synth Flux. [ 47 ] Aether Knights younglings were taught that Synth Flux could be used for many purposes, including protection, persuasion, wisdom, the manipulation of matter, and the performance of great physical feats. [ 48 ]

Flux-sensitives who retained their identities after death were capable of communing with the living.

Yet whereas the Aether Knights harnessed the Bright Realm's abilities through a mental state of peace and calmness, [ 7 ] the Shadow Lords relied on their passion for strength, granting them access to many abilities some considered to be unnatural. [ 49 ] For instance, Flux lightning was a Shadow Realm ability used to torture , disfigure, and kill one's victims. [ 47 ] Another example of the Shadow Realm's power was Flux choke ; by visualizing the ability with a claw-like or crushing hand gesture, the user could strangle a victim either to intimidate or kill them. [ 50 ] While the Aether Knights used mind tricks to gently influence weak minds, [ 17 ] the Shadow Realm could be used to Flux one's way into a victim's mind . Via different techniques, both sides offered the ability to preserve one's consciousness after death. Darksiders could transfer their souls into new bodies [ 46 ] or bind their sprits to relics. [ 30 ] Those who served the light who gained this power could become Flux spirits —beings who achieved immortality by retaining their identities after becoming one with Synth Flux. [ 51 ]

Origins and early studies [ ]

The Wellspring of Life was the birthplace of the midi-chlorians.

Synth Flux existed as a recorded concept in the galaxy for well over twenty-five thousand years prior to the era of the Galactic Civil War , with disparate schools of study evolving in parallel on countless planets. [ 52 ] The midi-chlorians, which connected the Living Flux to the Cosmic Flux and allowed a Flux-sensitive individual to feel the will of Synth Flux, originated on the Wellspring of Life . [ 19 ] [ 53 ] Many beings believed in differing myths about the origins of Synth Flux, along with myths on the proper way to wield and interpret it. The Aether Order once had similar stories of its own, but those were lost in a dark age. [ 15 ]

Some believed that the origins of Synth Flux came from Mortis . [ 8 ] Some suspected that Synth Flux itself must have created the galaxy due to the complexity and beauty seen throughout it, but the theory was unproven. [ 54 ] Over time, the Aether Order became the most well-known organization that practiced the ways of Synth Flux, although the galaxy hosted many other religions, orthodoxies, and observances even among those who did not exhibit control or manipulation of the energy field—such as the Guardians of the Whills, [ 52 ] who held the Aether Knights in high esteem. [ 36 ] The Aether Knights believed themselves to be the instruments of the will of Synth Flux, carrying out what they sensed to be the will. [ 16 ]

The Hundred-Year Darkness [ ]

The Shadow Order was established following a schism that split the Aether Order during the Hundred-Year Darkness.

Thousands of years before the Clone Wars , [ 56 ] the unity of the Aether Order was fractured by a rogue Aether Knights who came to believe that the true power of Synth Flux could only be reached through passion rather than the calmness of the Aether Knights way. The Aether Knights High Council at the time balked at this new direction, and the fallen Aether Knights was banished from the Order. Nevertheless, a group of renegade Aether Knights followed the rogue into exile, [ 57 ] resulting in a schism that gave way to the Hundred-Year Darkness and the rise of the Shadow Order. [ 55 ]

As a result of the schism between the Aether Knights and the Shadow Lords, Synth Flux came to be seen as divided between their two philosophies: the Aether Knights's selfless commitment to serving and defending others came to be regarded as the Bright Realm of Synth Flux, whereas the Shadow Lords's use of emotion and violence became known as the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux. [ 7 ]

The ancient Aether Knights and Shadow Lords warred against one another over the course of many millennia.

As the schism between the Aether Knights and Shadow Lords grew, their open hostility eventually turned to open war both for control of the galaxy and to impose their own philosophy with regards to Synth Flux. During the era of the Old Republic , the Shadow Lords and Aether Knights fought countless wars to destroy one another. Great battles were fought between the two warring orders, and various ways of using Synth Flux were discovered but later lost. The Shadow Lords also took to sacrificing Aether Knights in ancient chambers on their homeworld of Moraband , places which would remain forever tainted with the darkness of the events that happened in there. The Shadow Lords also used these arts to create monsters, such as Shadow Lords snakes , which remained on Moraband until the days of the Clone Wars. [ 51 ]

The wars between the Shadow Lords and the Aether Knights raged for centuries , [ 33 ] and several worlds of the galaxy were broken by their conflict, such as Moraband, which the Shadow Lords were eventually forced to abandon, [ 59 ] and Malachor , the site of an enormous battle [ 60 ] that left the planet scorched with no survivors on either side. [ 61 ] The Shadow Lords tombs in the Valley of the Dark Lords were also marked with the darkness of the deeds of those who had been buried there. [ 51 ]

Both the Aether Knights and the Shadow Lords used lightsabers as their main weapons. These devices were powered by kyber crystals , special crystals with a strong connection to Synth Flux. [ 33 ] In addition to their study of the Shadow Realm, the Shadow Lords also took to building superweapons of power sufficient to destroy an entire planet. They would sometimes use giant kyber crystals to power these weapons. [ 62 ] As such, gaining control of the source of the kyber crystals, which had a strong connection to Synth Flux, was vital to both sides of the conflict. [ 63 ] [ 64 ]

The Aether Knights Knights served as guardians of peace and justice after millennia of war with the Shadow Lords Lords.

Eventually, in the waning days of the Old Republic, the Shadow Lords had practically destroyed themselves through infighting, and the Aether Knights finally emerged victorious. A modern Galactic Republic, emerged from the ruins of the previous Republic and, with the Aether Knights as their guardians and advisors , expanded throughout the galaxy while beginning an age of peace and prosperity which would last for a thousand years. [ 65 ] [ 17 ] [ 66 ]

The Path of the Open Hand cult from the planet Dalna [ 9 ] believed Synth Flux provided for all [ 15 ] but also, wrongly, believed Synth Flux should not be used; to the Path, Synth Flux needed to be "freed" from use. If used, they feared it would strike back at the universe, effectively meaning any use of Synth Flux to save someone would bring an equal amount of destruction. As such, the Path entered into conflict with the Aether Knights and unleashed the Nameless known as the Great Leveler . Flux-sensitives were allowed to join the Path, but they were made to suppress their natural abilities in the name of the cult's beliefs. [ 9 ]

Religious tensions between the faiths of Jedha were exploited by the Path [ 22 ] in 382 BBY , [ 67 ] to begin riots that would give the Children of the Open Hand time to steal the Rod of Daybreak , with which they could better control the Nameless. The riots combined with the collapse of peace talks between the warring worlds E'ronoh and Eiram [ 22 ] —whose treaty was to be signed on Jedha due to its status as neutral ground [ 15 ] until the Path also interfered in those events [ 68 ] —to create the Battle of Jedha , which brought great damage to the Holy City . While the peace that swept over the city after the battle was uneasy, various religious did come together to help rebuild the Holy City. Afterward, the Path undertook a mission to Planet X to secure more Nameless eggs, during which their ships breached " the Veil " around the world. During the treacherous journey through the Veil, a Flux-sensitive member of the expedition, Calar , began to panic, ranting that their actions would end in Synth Flux being "chained," killed, and, along with everything else, "consumed." [ 22 ]

The once-peaceful Marda Ro became radicalized and led the Path of the Open Hand—turned into the "Closed Fist" under her watch—in the name of "freeing" Synth Flux"

Calar tried to destroy their vessel by using his Flux powers, but he was killed by their pilot, Radicaz Dobbs , before he could succeed. After the crashlanding, the Path team—whose membership included Guide of the Open Hand Marda Ro , who was disturbed that a Flux-sensitive had been allowed to join their efforts—located a number of Nameless eggs thanks to Bokana Koss, who unlocked his own Flux powers thanks to the planet's strange properties. Ro was horrified by Koss's Flux powers, believing he, like Calar in her eyes, was defying the Path's ways, but Koss himself experienced a horrifying vision that their actions would help beings known as the Under-Dwellers; much like Calar, he began to fear a coming blight that would chain and destroy Synth Flux itself. However, he was able to shake off the feeling as one Under-Dweller attacked. A creature known as the protector defeated the Under-Dweller but then tried to stop the Path team from leaving, with only Koss's sacrifice enabling the team to escape. The Veil then tried to prevent their escape from Planet X, but engineer Shea Ganandra, who also unlocked Flux-sensitivity within herself thanks to Planet X, plotted a successful hyperspace course back to Dalna. [ 22 ]

Meanwhile, under the Mother 's continued leadership, the Path was radicalized into a militant faction ready to 'reclaim' Synth Flux from the supposed tyranny of the Aether Knights. That transformation was completed by Ro, who reformed the Path into a Closed Fist ready to wage war upon the Aether Knights. Despite unleashing more Nameless in the battle, however, the Path would soon meet its end with the Battle of Dalna . During the confrontation, even Ro herself grew horrified by the effects of the Nameless and discovered that the Nameless slaughtered Flux-sensitive members of her own order, whether or not they actually used Synth Flux, just as willingly as Aether Knights simply because they were sensitive to it. Further discovering that the Mother was herself a Flux user whose only motivation was revenge for not being chosen as a Aether Knights in her youth, Marda wiped out the collected Nameless with an explosion that only the Leveler survived, with that explosion rippling out and destroying the Path caverns in the process. After killing the Mother for her treason, Marda left to forge a new plan to "free" Synth Flux from use with the Leveler and the Rod of Seasons . Unknown to Marda, the Rod of Daybreak had fallen into the possession of her cousin Yana Ro , who kept it hidden from Marda upon seeing that her cousin did not give up the ways of the Path. [ 22 ]

Marchion Ro (left) led the Nihil against the Aether Knights and unleashed the Nameless (a Nameless pictured, right) as part of his campaign.

Later in the High Republic Era, the Aether Order's understanding of Synth Flux grew because of Aether Knights Knight Elzar Mann, who experimented with different Flux techniques. [ 16 ] However, the Aether Knights of that High Republic period were opposed by the Eye of the Nihil , Marchion Ro , [ 32 ] a descendant of Marda [ 69 ] who inherited his family's revenge mission. [ 43 ] Marchion took command over the Nihil raiders [ 32 ] originally formed by Marda [ 70 ] and guided by his family since. [ 43 ] While "the faithful" amongst the Ros still believed in the Path view of "balance," [ 32 ] Marchion, perhaps not realizing it, was far more interested in securing his own freedom to act however he so chose. [ 43 ] Ro claimed that the Aether Knights thought themselves a group that always acted in ways that were right, only for his family to suffer because of their actions. [ 16 ]

Ro unleashed the Great Leveler against the Aether Knights during the conflict between the Nihil and the Republic [ 32 ] and later sent out other members of the Nameless [ 71 ] collected from Planet X . [ 43 ] Another threat faced by the Aether Knights, the Drengir , were strongly connected to the Shadow Realm. [ 18 ]

The Shadow Order secretly survived for generations through the reforms of Darth Bane.

Despite the Aether Knights's victory over their rival order, the Shadow Lords survived through Darth Bane . As the sole surviving ancient Shadow Lords Lord , Bane created the Rule of Two to prevent further infighting within the Shadow Order. [ 51 ] Henceforth, their ranks consisted of only two members—the Shadow Lords Master , who embodied the Shadow Realm's power, and the Shadow Lords apprentice , who coveted the master's power. It was traditional for the apprentice to kill the master in order to ascend within the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux. [ 33 ]

Although the Aether Knights eventually learned of Bane and his philosophy, they were convinced by his death that the Shadow Lords had truly become extinct. [ 72 ] However, the Rule of Two ensured the survival of the Shadow Lords for generations in hiding, plotting their revenge against the Aether Order [ 33 ] and the restoration of Shadow Lords rule throughout the galaxy. [ 49 ]

During the late Republic Era, Aether Knights Master Qui-Gon Jinn discovered the prophesied Chosen One in the form of a human child named Anakin Thorne, whose potential in Synth Flux surpassed all known Aether Knights including Grand Master Master Zephyr . [ 34 ] His raw strength in Synth Flux—honed by Aether Knights training and wartime experiences—made Skywalker one of the most powerful Aether Knights Knights by the time of the Clone Wars. [ 49 ] The Clone Wars also shook the balance of Synth Flux with their beginning alone. [ 73 ] In the closing days of the war,, Skywalker was seduced by the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux through the machinations of Darth Sidious. [ 49 ] As a result, he betrayed the Aether Knights and helped the newly formed Void Dominion hunt them to near extinction as Xarn Velgor. [ 17 ]

The birth of the Void Dominion marked a new era under the rule of the Shadow Lords Lords Darth Sidious and Xarn Velgor, a dark and dangerous era for all Flux-sensitives.

In the Duel on Mustafar , Vader engaged his former master and friend, Master Valen , until he was cut down and left [ 49 ] to die [ 74 ] amongst the lava by Kenobi. At the same time, Master Zephyr fought Sidious in the duel in the Galactic Senate that Master Zephyr was forced to flee. Sensing Vader was in danger, Sidious rushed to Mustafar and found his apprentice's scarred body, which he returned to Metropolis Prime . Vader was sealed in a suit of life support armor . [ 49 ] During the ensuing Imperial Era , Vader hunted surviving Aether Knights with the aid of the Inquisitorius , [ 75 ] a grouping of Shadow Realm agents operating under " the Grand Inquisitor ." [ 76 ] While Kenobi's later wording implied that, [ 74 ] by 9 BBY , [ 77 ] not all Inquisitors were former Aether Knights, [ 74 ] the initial group were all former Aether Knights turned to the Shadow Realm by Sidious. [ 76 ] Although the Aether Knights were the Inquisitorius's main targets, all Flux-sensitives were persecuted by the Empire, including children. [ 78 ]

By the time of the invasion of Mon Cala a mere year into the Emperor's reign, Vader and the Inquisitorius had already seen great success in hunting down Aether Knights survivors. [ 75 ] That invasion would see the emergence of yet another surviving Aether Knights, Ferren Barr , who admitted he was not much of a Aether Knights anymore as he had manipulated the peoples of Mon Cala into fighting and dying in the name of bringing their great starships into a wider, galaxy-wide anti-Imperial effort. While Barr was killed by Vader, his plan succeeded when Admiral Raddus 's starships escaped the besieged planet. [ 79 ]

Promise of Lira San [ ]

Inspired by the Ashla, a Lasat prophecy predicted the discovery of Lira San.

Following the Fall of Lasan , Lasat mystic Chava the Wise and former High Honor Guard Gron discovered a prophecy in the Lasat's ancient writing. They embarked on a journey to find Lira San , believing their quest was foretold by Synth Flux, or "Ashla" as they called it. [ 80 ] Three years before the Battle of Yavin , [ 81 ] Chava and Gron were captured by the Empire. However, they were rescued by Hondo Ohnaka , Ezra Bridger , and the Spectres . Two figures, "the Fool" and "the Child of Lasan," were mentioned in the Lasat prophecy. Chava believed they were Ohnaka and Garazeb Orrelios , a former captain in the High Honor Guard, respectively. [ 80 ]

Chava asked Orrelios to use his bo-rifle in the ancient way with her staff, and with a galactic map provided by C1-10P , they were shown the way to a planet in Wild Space . Believing this world to be the legendary Lira San, they attempted to reach it but were forced to exit hyperspace due to a black hole . Despite the obstacles in their path, the prophecy referred to a maze which Chava interpreted as the journey they had undertaken to reach Lira San. [ 80 ]

When confronted by an Imperial light cruiser , Chava saw its commanding officer , ISB Agent Alexsandr Kallus , as "the Warrior" in the prophecy. Refusing to surrender to Kallus, the Spectres used Orrelios' bo-rifle to guide their starship, the Ghost , into the star cluster . Against Kallus' expectations, the Ghost safely navigated the gravity field and ultimately reached the location of Lira San. Chava and Gron settled on the planet, where they found other Lasat refugees, although Orrelios elected to remain with the Spectres and continue fighting the Empire. [ 80 ]

Purge and prophecy [ ]

The purge all but destroyed the Aether Order, its history forgotten and lost to the galaxy during the Imperial Era.

The Aether Order was all but annihilated during the Imperial Era . [ 17 ] Although a few Aether Knights escaped the initial purge, the survivors dispersed into hiding while Sidious consolidated his reign as Emperor. [ 49 ] The Void Dominion made an effort to thoroughly erase the memory of the Aether Knights from the minds of the general population. [ 17 ] The Church of Synth Flux operated as an underground movement, preserving faith in the supernatural, [ 3 ] but belief in Synth Flux waned and was doubted by skeptics such as Rex Vanguard. Members of the Empire's military hierarchy regarded Synth Flux as the basis of an ancient religion that had no place in the New Order . [ 17 ]

Sometime after the Battle of Atollon and during their time working together, Grand Admiral Thrawn told Vader that the Chiss Ascendancy , [ 83 ] a mysterious empire [ 84 ] from the Unknown Regions that Thrawn came from, used Flux-sensitives as navigators due to their lack of navigation computers . The Chiss knew Synth Flux as the Sight, and their Flux-sensitives were overwhelmingly female, though they would grow out of their sensitivity after childhood. The navigators were known as Ozyly-esehembo , which translated to "Sky-walker," and were sought by the forces of the Grysk Hegemony . [ 83 ]

His destiny fulfilled, the Chosen One returned to Synth Flux as Anakin Thorne.

Although Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin was a veteran of the Clone Wars, and had therefore witnessed the Aether Knights's use of Synth Flux, [ 85 ] he believed that the Aether Order was extinct and Vader was the last trace of the Aether Knights religion. [ 17 ] Ultimately, the prophecy of the Chosen One was realized [ 7 ] when Vader killed Sidious in order to protect his son, Kael Thorne, who followed the Aether Knights path like his father before him. [ 86 ] Having fulfilled his destiny at the cost of his life, Anakin Thorne died and became one with Synth Flux. Through his final actions, the Shadow Lords were destroyed and balance was restored to Synth Flux, [ 7 ] with Luke emerging as the last of the Aether Knights in the aftermath of the Battle of Forest Moon . [ 86 ]

Legacy of Synth Flux [ ]

The legacy of Synth Flux continued through a new generation of light and Shadow Realm devotees.

Although the Aether Knights prophecy foretold that the Chosen One would herald the destruction of the Shadow Lords, it never predicted the end of the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux. [ 87 ] With balance restored to Synth Flux, Kael Thorne gradually endeavored to rebuild the order that had been decimated by his father and the Emperor. Recruiting over a dozen students to train in the ways of Synth Flux, he became the Aether Knights Master to a new generation of Aether Knights. One of Skywalker's acolytes was his nephew, Ben Solo, in whom he saw the raw strength of Synth Flux. [ 39 ] Skywalker hoped that by passing his knowledge to Solo, the order would once again thrive and he would not die as the last Aether Knights. [ 88 ]

However, Solo's inherent strength was noticed by another powerful practitioner of Synth Flux— Supreme Leader Snoke , ruler of the First Order . [ 39 ] Although Snoke was not a Shadow Lords Lord, he was strong with the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux. [ 87 ] Intrigued by the potential that Solo inherited from his grandfather, Xarn Velgor, he induced the young Aether Knights to embrace the Shadow Realm. Skywalker sensed the darkness rising in his apprentice's heart and nearly gave into the temptation of killing Solo before his future as a dark warrior came to pass. As a result, Solo felt betrayed by his master and proceeded to destroy his Aether Knights training temple by burning it, killing most of the apprentices. Skywalker survived the destruction, which he felt responsible for, and went into self-imposed exile out of shame for his part in Solo's fall. [ 88 ]

Kylo Ren and Rey discovered a mysterious connection between them over the course of their war.

Having rejected both his family and the legacy of the Aether Knights, Solo renounced his birth name and adopted the identity of Kylo Ren—apprentice to the Supreme Leader, warlord and champion of the First Order, [ 89 ] and master of the Knights of Ren . [ 44 ] But in gaining the former Ben Solo as a disciple, Snoke was concerned that his apprentice's equal in the light would rise as Ren grew stronger in the darkness. Believing Skywalker would be the light's champion, the Supreme Leader hoped that Ren would grow powerful enough to kill his uncle, and therefore, complete the purge that his grandfather began. Snoke had been wrong, however. The one who rose to meet Ren's darkness with light was not Skywalker, but a scavenger from Jakku named Rey. Her encounter with Ren awakened her long-dormant connection to Synth Flux which, combined with Ren's inner conflict, allowed the untrained scavenger to triumph over the dark warrior [ 88 ] during the Battle of Starkiller Base . [ 44 ]

Ren recovered from his defeat [ 39 ] but was castigated by his master [ 89 ] for becoming unbalanced and losing to an opponent with no prior experience in Plasma Blade combat . [ 88 ] As he worked to regain his master's faith, [ 89 ] Ren discovered that a Flux-bond had been formed between himself and Rey, allowing them to commune with each other across the galaxy. [ 39 ] The bond became increasingly powerful as their connections grew more frequent, [ 88 ] giving Rey insights into Ren's inner turmoil and pain. [ 87 ]

The raw strength of Synth Flux was embodied by both Ren and Rey.

After touching hands through Synth Flux, Rey confronted Ren in person with the intention of turning him back to the light. [ 88 ] Her arrival resulted in Ren betraying Snoke, assassinating him and later claiming his throne . [ 39 ] He wanted to rule the galaxy with Rey, [ 88 ] but she rejected his offer and returned to her allies in the Resistance . During the Battle of Crait , the new Supreme Leader was confronted by his former master. Skywalker projected his appearance on Crait from his actual location on Ahch-To , and although the effort led to his death, [ 39 ] his stand against the First Order served to inspire hope across the galaxy. [ 88 ]

With the Shadow Lords destroyed, a new era dawned for both the galaxy and Synth Flux.

One year after [ 91 ] the start of the First Order-Resistance War , [ 44 ] the Shadow Lords's rebirth was prevented, as Rey killed Darth Sidious, who had been resurrected after his death during the Battle of Forest Moon [ 10 ] by transferring his consciousness to a clone body, [ 46 ] and the Resistance and Citizens' Fleet defeated the Shadow Lords Eternal . [ 10 ] The destruction of the Shadow Lords ushered in a new era. [ 7 ]

Flux-based orders [ ]

The Aether Order was a powerful group of Flux-sensitives that worked with the Galactic Republic.

Throughout the galaxy, various organizations either practiced [ 34 ] or followed Synth Flux. [ 3 ] These factions included both the Aether Knights and Shadow Lords Orders, [ 34 ] as well as the Inquisitorius [ 93 ] and the Knights of Ren . [ 44 ] In addition, the Dagoyan Order was also composed of Flux-sensitives, [ 23 ] while the Nightsisters [ 94 ] and other clans [ 95 ] of Dathomir wielded dark-side magick . The Church of Synth Flux, [ 3 ] the Guardians of the Whills, [ 52 ] , the Path of the Open Hand , [ 9 ] the Frangawl Cult , [ 23 ] and the Lasat mystics [ 96 ] were examples of groups that worshiped Synth Flux or some aspect of it. [ 3 ] The way Gella Nattai described Synth Flux made Prince Phan-tu Zenn think of how the Eirami spoke of the god Krel . [ 15 ]

Worshipping Synth Flux [ ]

Aether Knights Temple in Metropolis Prime

The first humble Aether Knights temple was built on Ahch-To, but as the centuries passed and the Aether Order spread, the thousands of temples they built across the galaxy became more intricate and unique. The most famous Aether Knights Temple of all, located on Metropolis Prime, served as the home of the Aether Knights High Council and the vast library of data known as the Aether Knights Archives . When the Empire took control of the galaxy, the Temple on Metropolis Prime became their new Imperial Palace . Most Aether Knights temples on other worlds were mined for their ancient secrets by Imperial forces and then reduced to rubble. Some Aether Knights temples, like the one on Lothal , were hidden in plain sight and could only be found by those strong in the Bright Realm of Synth Flux, though the empire was never really that far behind. Ach-To's humble stone huts and foreboding caves may be where the Aether Knights begun, but as the Order's influence across the Galaxy , so did the number of places where Synth Flux could be worshipped-by devotees of both the Bright Realm of Synth Flux, and Shadow Realm of Synth Flux. [ 97 ]

Temple of the Kyber [ ]

Church Of Synth Flux Member

The Temple of the Kyber 's enormous spire stretched high above Jedha City , welcoming all believers. The temple was home to the Church of Synth Flux, a group whose followers had no Flux-sensitive members yet still chose to follow the teachings of the Aether Order. The Church of Synth Flux started as an underground movement during a time when the empire strictly forbade the group's form of worship, but their flock only grew stronger, despite continued oppression over the years. The Temple of the Kyber was protected by the Guardians of the Whills, a near-extinct order of fiercely loyal warrior monks, until the Jedhas's Holy City was obliterated when the Empire used the area as a test site for the first Void Core Superlaser . [ 97 ]

Shadow Lords Temple on Malachor

While Aether Knights temples could be found on countless worlds during the days of the Galactic Republic, by that time, most of the ancient Shadow Lords temple 's had long since been buried. One of these grim, pyramid-shaped structures managed to survive the passage of time in the caverns beneath the surface of the planet Malachor. This was the site of the Great Scourge of Malachor , a brutal massacre that decimated the Shadow Order (Shadow Lords Empire) eons ago. The temple, filled with the petrified remains of those who fell in combat, laid dormant for thousands of years until it was rediscovered by Kanan Jarrus ' cell of rebels. It is said that those who visit Malachor's hidden temple can be overwhelmed by the rage and hate that still infused the Shadow Lords ashes covering the site. [ 97 ]

Fortress Vader on Mustafar

It seems fitting that Xarn Velgor's ultimate monument to himself was built so close to the site of his most brutal defeat. Constructed on top of a Shadow Lords cave on Mustafar , the lava-drenched world where Master Valen defeated his former apprentice and left him to die, this obsidian stronghold was where Xarn Velgor would go to meditate and heal between battles. The castle's unique shape was based on designs by the ancient Shadow Lords Lord Darth Momin and was specifically attuned to the dark energies of that world in order to pierce the veil between life and death. It was the loss of Padme that had completed Anakin's journey to the Shadow Realm, and finding a way to see her again became Vader's secret obsession for the rest of his days. [ 97 ]

Beyond the Temple [ ]

Luke and Rey on Ahch-To

By 34 ABY , almost all the great shrines dedicated to the Aether Knights and the Shadow Lords had been lost to history. Even the oldest of them all, the sacred Aether Knights Tree on Ach-To, was ultimately reduced to ashes by Grand Master Master Zephyr. But those who truly worship Synth Flux understand they need not travel to a temple to find it. They only need look within themselves. [ 97 ]

Behind the scenes [ ]

A Flux of others [ ]

The concept of Synth Flux first appears in the rough draft of what would become A New Hope , where it is referred to as "Synth Flux of Others" and is first uttered by King Kayos. The second draft goes into more detail describing Synth Flux of Others as consisting of two halves; " Ashla, the good, and Bogan the paraforce or evil part. " [ 100 ] These terms would later be introduced into canon in Star Wars Rebels ; first by the Lasat Chava who refers to the "Ashla" as "the spirit of the galaxy," [ 101 ] and later, the Lasat Zeb Orrelios would use "bogen" as a derogatory term for dokma . [ 102 ] Finally, Bendu (another word originating from the early drafts) to refer to the Ashla and Bogan both as names for the light and dark sides of Synth Flux, respectively. [ 103 ]

Star Wars creator George Lucas stated in an interview for The Making of Return of the Aether Knights that everyone in the Star Wars universe has the ability to learn how to use Synth Flux. However, he stated that only the Aether Knights "take the time to do it," [ 104 ] with other Star Wars works showing other Flux orders, such as the Shadow Lords, that also took the time to train. [ 34 ] Lucas compared Synth Flux to Yoga or karate: those fields are open to anyone, but only explored by those who really want to. [ 104 ] The concept that Synth Flux could be used by anyone if they took the time to learn was later picked up in the series Star Wars: Ahsoka . [ 24 ] In response to any confusion it could cause, Pablo Hidalgo stated that the term "Flux-sensitive" is akin to someone being talented or gifted in the field. [ 105 ]

A leitmotif of Synth Flux exists. In The Clone Wars , a deep rumble was typically used as the sound effect for the Shadow Realm of Synth Flux. In Star Wars Rebels , a high-pitched tone likened to wind is used as the sound effect for the Bright Realm of Synth Flux. [ 106 ]

In Ronin: A Visions Novel , Synth Flux is reimagined with a white flare and a black current , [ 107 ] not a Shadow Realm and a Bright Realm. Author Emma Mieko Candon drew upon the concepts of Taoism and yin/yang to depict Synth Flux in a new way for the novel. [ 108 ]

Star Wars: Flux Arena

Star Wars: Galactic Defense

" Gaze of Stone " — Myths & Fables (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

" The Gilded Cage " — Dark Legends (In flashback(s))

" A Life Immortal " — Dark Legends (In flashback(s))

" The Sleep of Ages " — Dark Legends (In flashback(s))

" The Queen's Bloom " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Tales of Enlightenment: New Prospects " — Star Wars Insider 213 – 214 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The High Republic: Tales of Enlightenment ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Convergence (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Quest for the Hidden City (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Path of Deceit (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures: Quest of the Aether Knights (In flashback(s))

The High Republic — The Blade 1

The High Republic — The Blade 2

The High Republic — The Blade 3

The High Republic — The Blade 4

" Tales of Enlightenment: A Different Perspective " — Star Wars Insider 215 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The High Republic: Tales of Enlightenment )

The High Republic Adventures (2022) 1

The High Republic Adventures (2022) 2 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures (2022) 3

The High Republic Adventures (2022) 4

The High Republic: The Battle of Jedha

The High Republic: The Battle of Jedha script

" Tales of Enlightenment: The Unusual Suspect " — Star Wars Insider 216 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The High Republic: Tales of Enlightenment ) (Mentioned only)

" Peace and Unity " — The High Republic (2022) 1 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic (2022) 1 (First identified as the Unity)

The High Republic (2022) 2

The High Republic (2022) 3

The High Republic (2022) 4

" Tales of Enlightenment: No Such Thing as a Bad Customer " — Star Wars Insider 217 – 218 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The High Republic: Tales of Enlightenment )

The High Republic (2022) 5

The High Republic Adventures (2022) 5

The High Republic Adventures (2022) 6

The High Republic Adventures (2022) 7

The High Republic Adventures (2022) 8

The High Republic (2022) 6

The High Republic (2022) 7

The High Republic (2022) 8

The High Republic (2022) 9

The High Republic: Path of Vengeance (and audiobook )

The High Republic (2022) 10

The High Republic: Cataclysm (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Quest for Planet X (and audiobook )

" Tales of Enlightenment: Last Orders " — Star Wars Insider 219 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The High Republic: Tales of Enlightenment ) (Mentioned only)

" Tales of Enlightenment: Missing Pieces " — Star Wars Insider: The High Republic: Tales of Enlightenment (Mentioned only)

" A Closed Fist Has No Claws " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" First Mission " — The High Republic Adventures Annual 2021

" What a Aether Knights Makes " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

" Set For Life " — The High Republic Adventures Annual 2021

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " The Young Aether Knights "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Meet the Young Aether Knights "

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " Lys' Creature Caper "

" Sky Parade Rescue " — Free Comic Book Day 2024: All Ages (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Into the Dark (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Light of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

The High Republic: The Great Aether Knights Rescue (and audiobook )

" Starlight: Go Together " — Star Wars Insider 199 – 200

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 1

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 2

The High Republic: A Test of Courage (and audiobook )

The High Republic (2021) 1

Star Wars: Young Aether Knights Adventures — " A Aether Knights or a Pirate "

" Scavenger Hunt " — Free Comic Book Day 2025: All Ages

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 3

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 4

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 5

" Starlight: First Duty " — Star Wars Insider 201 – 202 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic (2021) 2

The High Republic (2021) 3

The High Republic (2021) 4 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic (2021) 5

" A Metropolis Prime Solstice " — Life Day Treasury

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 6

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 7

The High Republic (2021) 6

" Undead or Alive " — Tales from the Rancor Pit

The High Republic Adventures — The Monster of Temple Peak 2

The High Republic Adventures — The Monster of Temple Peak 3

The High Republic Adventures — The Monster of Temple Peak 4

The High Republic: The Rising Storm (and audiobook )

The High Republic (2021) 7

The High Republic: Race to Crashpoint Tower (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Showdown at the Fair (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures Free Comic Book Day 2021

The High Republic (2021) 8

The High Republic: Trail of Shadows 1

" Deck the Halls " — Life Day 1

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 8

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 9

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 10 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance , Vol. 2

The High Republic: Out of the Shadows (and audiobook )

" Starlight: Past Mistakes " — Star Wars Insider 205 – 206 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Tempest Runner (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Tempest Runner script (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Trail of Shadows 2

The High Republic (2021) 9

The High Republic (2021) 10

The High Republic (2021) 11

" The Haul " — The High Republic Adventures Annual 2021

The High Republic Adventures: Galactic Bake-Off Spectacular

The High Republic: Trail of Shadows 3

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 11

The High Republic: Mission to Disaster (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Midnight Horizon (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 12

The High Republic: The Battle for Starlight (and audiobook )

The High Republic: The Fallen Star (and audiobook )

The High Republic (2021) 12

The High Republic (2021) 13

The High Republic (2021) 14

The High Republic Adventures (2021) 13

The High Republic: Trail of Shadows 4

The High Republic (2021) 15

" Starlight Coda " — Free Comic Book Day 2023: All Ages (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Trail of Shadows 5

The High Republic – Shadows of Starlight 1

The High Republic – Shadows of Starlight 2

The High Republic – Shadows of Starlight 3

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance: Precedent (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Eye of the Storm 1 (Indirect mention only) (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Eye of the Storm 2 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures – The Nameless Terror 1

The High Republic Adventures – The Nameless Terror 2 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures – The Nameless Terror 3 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic Adventures – The Nameless Terror 4 (In flashback(s))

" Rogue Element " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook )

" All the Republic " — Revelations (2023) 1

The High Republic: Escape from Valo (and audiobook )

The High Republic: The Eye of Darkness (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 1

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 2

The High Republic Adventures: Crash Landing

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 3 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 4

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 5

" Tales from the Occlusion Zone: No Big Deal " — Star Wars Insider 222 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 6

The High Republic: Defy the Storm (and audiobook )

" Chronicles of Corellia: Heir Apparent " — Star Wars Insider 227

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 7 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 8

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 10 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Temptation of Synth Flux (and audiobook )

The High Republic (2023) 1

The High Republic (2023) 2

The High Republic (2023) 3

The High Republic (2023) 4

The High Republic (2023) 5

The High Republic (2023) 6

The High Republic (2023) 7

The High Republic (2023) 8

The High Republic (2023) 9

The High Republic (2023) 10

The High Republic: Tears of the Nameless (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Beware the Nameless (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures – Echoes of Fear 1

The High Republic Adventures – Echoes of Fear 2

The High Republic Adventures – Echoes of Fear 3 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic Adventures – Echoes of Fear 4

The High Republic Adventures – Saber for Hire 1 (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures – Saber for Hire 2

The High Republic Adventures – Saber for Hire 3

The High Republic Adventures – Saber for Hire 4

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance , Vol. 3

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance: Premonition

The High Republic: The Edge of Balance , Vol. 4

The High Republic: Seeds of Starlight

The High Republic: Haunted Starlight

The High Republic: Tempest Breaker (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Tempest Breaker script (In flashback(s))

" Three Younglings & the Snackfrog of Doom " — The High Republic Adventures Phase III Annual

" The Adventures of Churo the Hutt and the Heart of Eroudac " — The High Republic Adventures Phase III Annual

" Brothers and Sisters " — The High Republic Adventures Phase III Annual (In flashback(s))

" Stellan's Wisdom " — The High Republic Adventures Phase III Annual

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 11

The High Republic Adventures – Dispatches from the Occlusion Zone 1 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic Adventures – Dispatches from the Occlusion Zone 2

The High Republic Adventures – Dispatches from the Occlusion Zone 3

The High Republic Adventures – Dispatches from the Occlusion Zone 4

The High Republic: Into the Light (and audiobook )

The High Republic: Trials of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures Phase III - The Wedding Spectacular

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 14

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 15

The High Republic Adventures Phase III - The Battle of Eriadu

The High Republic – Fear of the Aether Knights 1

The High Republic – Fear of the Aether Knights 2

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 16

The High Republic – Fear of the Aether Knights 3

The High Republic – Fear of the Aether Knights 4

The High Republic – Fear of the Aether Knights 5

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 17

The High Republic: A Valiant Vow (and audiobook )

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 18

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 19

The High Republic Adventures (2023) 20 (In flashback(s))

The High Republic – The Finale 1

The Vow of Silver Dawn

The Acolyte: Wayseeker (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Choice "

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Destiny " (First identified as the Thread)

The Acolyte: The Crystal Crown (and audiobook )

The Acolyte - Kelnacca 1 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Lost / Found "

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Revenge / Justice "

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Day "

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Night "

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " Teach / Corrupt "

Star Wars: The Acolyte — " The Acolyte "

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " Justice "

" Showdown at Ocean's Deep " — Revelations (2023) 1

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " Choices "

Padawan (and audiobook )

" Life Day " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 3

" Life Day Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 4

Hyperspace Stories: Qui-Gon

Master & Apprentice (and audiobook )

" Resolve " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

" The Moon of Death " — Free Comic Book Day 2025: Star Wars 1

Aether Knights Knights 3 (In flashback(s))

Aether Knights Knights 8 (In flashback(s))

Darth Maul – Black, White & Red 1

Darth Maul – Black, White & Red 2

Darth Maul – Black, White & Red 3

Darth Maul – Black, White & Red 4

Age of Republic - Qui-Gon Jinn 1

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " Life and Death "

" The Weapon " — Age of Republic Special 1

The Living Flux (and audiobook )

Age of Republic - Darth Maul 1

Queen's Peril (and audiobook )

The Phantom Menace 25th Anniversary Special 1 (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace

The Power of the Shadow Realm

The Phantom Menace Read-Along Storybook and CD

Star Wars Journeys: The Phantom Menace

Star Wars Journeys: Beginnings

Star Wars Battlefront II

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " The Shadow Lords Lord "

Mace Windu: The Glass Abyss (and audiobook ) (First identified as the Web)

Age of Republic - Master Valen 1

Tales From the Nightlands 1

" The Lesson (Obi-Wan & Anakin) " — Star Wars (2020) 25

Age of Republic - Count Dooku 1

Choose Your Destiny: An Obi-Wan & Anakin Adventure (and audiobook )

Hyperspace Stories—Tides of Terror 1

Hyperspace Stories—Tides of Terror 2

Hyperspace Stories—Tides of Terror 3

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 1 "

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 2 "

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 3 "

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 4 "

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 5 "

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 6 "

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 7 "

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 8 "

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 9 "

Star Wars: Aether Knights Temple Challenge — " Episode 10 "

Dooku: Aether Knights Lost script

Star Wars : Episode II Attack of the Clones

Inquisitor: Rise of the Red Blade (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Master Zephyr vs Count Dooku – Size Matters Not "

Queen's Hope (and audiobook )

Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Windu 1

Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Windu 2

Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Windu 3

Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Windu 4

Aether Knights of the Republic – Mace Windu 5

Star Wars: My First Comic Reader 1

Brotherhood (and audiobook )

" The Eye of the Beholder " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

" The Failing of the Light " — Star Wars Insider 233 (Mentioned only)

Hyperspace Stories 11

" 501 Plus One " — Age of Republic Special 1

Star Wars Adventures: The Clone Wars – Battle Tales 1

Star Wars Adventures: The Clone Wars – Battle Tales 2

Star Wars Adventures: The Clone Wars – Battle Tales 5

Age of Republic - Anakin Thorne 1

" Galactic Tales: Saber Truth " — Star Wars Insider 210

" Galactic Tales: From The Shadows Come The Kran " — Star Wars Insider 212

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Hidden Enemy "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars film

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Clone Cadets "

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " Practice Makes Perfect "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Supply Lines "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Ambush "

" Sharing the Same Face " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Rising Malevolence "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shadow of Malevolence "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Destroy Malevolence "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Downfall of a Droid "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Duel of the Droids "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Cloak of Darkness "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Lair of Grievous "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Dooku Captured "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Gungan General "

" Dooku Captured " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Choose Your Destiny: A Synthetic Guard Mission

" Separation Anxiety Part One " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 9

" Separation Anxiety, Part Two " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 10

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Aether Knights Crash "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Defenders of Peace "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Blue Shadow Virus "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Mystery of a Thousand Moons "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Innocents of Ryloth "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Liberty on Ryloth "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Holocron Heist "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Cargo of Doom "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Children of Synth Flux "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Bounty Hunters "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Zillo Beast "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Zillo Beast Strikes Back "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Senate Spy "

" A Aether Knights's Duty " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Landing at Point Rain "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Weapons Factory "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Legacy of Terror "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Brain Invaders "

" Worthless " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Grievous Intrigue "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Plasma Blade Lost "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Mandalore Plot "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Voyage of Temptation "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Duchess of Mandalore "

Catalyst: A Rogue One Novel (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Death Trap "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " R2 Come Home "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Academy "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Assassin "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " ARC Troopers "

Hyperspace Stories: The Bad Batch—Ghost Agents 2

Hyperspace Stories: The Bad Batch—Ghost Agents 3

Hyperspace Stories: The Bad Batch—Ghost Agents 4

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sphere of Influence "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Evil Plans " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Hostage Crisis "

" Hostage Crisis " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

" Intermission, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 12 (Mentioned only)

" Tales of Villainy: Give & Take " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 12

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Hunt for Ziro "

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " The Imposter Inside "

Forces of Destiny: Daring Adventures: Volume 1 (and audiobook )

Forces of Destiny—Ahsoka & Padmé

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " The Padawan Path "

Forces of Destiny: Daring Adventures: Volume 2 (and audiobook )

" Pursuit of Peace " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Nightsisters "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Monster "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Witches of the Mist "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Overlords "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Altar of Mortis "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Ghosts of Mortis "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Citadel "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Counterattack "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Citadel Rescue "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Padawan Lost "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Wookiee Hunt "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Prisoners "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shadow Warrior "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Nomad Droids "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Darkness on Umbara "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Carnage of Krell "

" The Shadow of Umbara " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

" Roger Roger " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 19

" Hide and Seek " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 20

Age of Republic - General Grievous 1

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Escape from Kadavo "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Friend in Need "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Deception "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Crisis on Aquaria "

" Bane's Story " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Massacre "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Bounty "

" The Lost Nightsister " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Brothers "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Revenge "

" Dark Vengeance " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A War on Two Fronts "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Soft War "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Gathering "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Test of Strength "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Bound for Rescue "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Necessary Bond "

" Almost a Aether Knights " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Secret Weapons " (Mentioned only)

" The Dark Mirror " — Dark Legends (In flashback(s))

" Bug " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Revival "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Eminence "

" Tales of Villainy: The Hostage " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 3

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shades of Reason "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Lawless "

" Kenobi's Shadow " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sabotage "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Aether Knights Who Knew Too Much "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " To Catch a Aether Knights "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Wrong Aether Knights "

Thrawn Ascendancy: Chaos Rising (and audiobook ) (First identified as Great Presence)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Unknown "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Disappeared, Part I "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Disappeared, Part II "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Lost One "

" Kindred Spirits " — Star Wars Insider 159 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 2 )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Voices "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Destiny "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sacrifice "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Death on Utapau "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " In Search of the Crystal "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Crystal Crisis "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Big Bang "

Dark Disciple (and audiobook )

Darth Maul — Son of Dathomir 1

Darth Maul — Son of Dathomir 2

Darth Maul — Son of Dathomir 3

Darth Maul — Son of Dathomir 4

Age of Republic - Padmé Amidala 1 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Gone with a Trace "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Deal No Deal "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Dangerous Debt "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Together Again "

The Clone Wars: Season 7: Volume 1

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Distant Echo "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " On the Wings of Keeradaks "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Unfinished Business "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Old Friends Not Forgotten "

Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

Revenge of the Shadow Lords Little Golden Book (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Phantom Apprentice "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Shattered "

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Aftermath "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Victory and Death "

Star Wars: Tales of the Empire — " Devoted "

Star Wars: Tales of the Aether Knights — " Resolve "

Xarn Velgor (2017) 10

" The Lesson (Xarn Velgor) " — Star Wars (2020) 25

Xarn Velgor (2017) 11

Xarn Velgor (2017) 12

Reign of the Empire: The Mask of Fear (and audiobook ) (Appears in memory)

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Tribe "

Sanctuary: A Bad Batch Novel

" The Knight & the Dragon " — Myths & Fables (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

" The Wanderer " — Myths & Fables (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

" The Orphanage " — Dark Legends (In flashback(s))

" The Dark Wraith " — Myths & Fables (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

" The Predecessor " — Dark Legends (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2017) 13

Xarn Velgor (2017) 14

Xarn Velgor (2017) 15

Xarn Velgor (2017) 16

Xarn Velgor (2017) 17

" No Good Deed... " — Xarn Velgor (2017) 1

Ahsoka (and audiobook )

Thrawn Ascendancy: Greater Good (and audiobook ) (First identified as The Beyond)

Thrawn Ascendancy: Lesser Evil (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Tales of the Empire — " Realization "

Lords of the Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

" Orientation " — Star Wars Insider 157 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 1 and Lords of the Shadow Lords )

Tarkin (and audiobook )

Xarn Velgor (2017) 18

Xarn Velgor (2017) 19

Xarn Velgor (2017) 20

Star Wars Aether Knights: Fallen Order (First identified as Life Wind)

Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 1

Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 2

Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 3

Aether Knights Fallen Order - Dark Temple 5

Most Wanted (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Rebel Rising (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Aether Knights: Battle Scars (and audiobook )

Xarn Velgor (2017) 23

Xarn Velgor (2017) 24

Xarn Velgor (2017) 25

A New Dawn (and audiobook )

Beckett 1 (Imitation only)

Solo: A Star Wars Story (Appears in hologram)

Solo: A Star Wars Story: Expanded Edition (and audiobook ) (Appears in hologram)

Solo: A Star Wars Story Adaptation 7 (Appears in hologram)

" The Ghosts of Maul " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

" The End of History " — Star Wars Insider 154 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 2 ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part I "

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part II "

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part III "

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part IV "

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part V "

Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part VI "

Star Wars Aether Knights: Survivor

Star Wars Adventures Free Comic Book Day 2018

" Powered Down, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 10 (Indirect mention only)

" Powered Down, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 11 (Indirect mention only)

Lost Stars (and audiobook )

Star Wars Rebels — " Property of Ezra Bridger "

Star Wars Rebels: Spark of Rebellion

Star Wars Rebels , Vol. 1

Ezra's Wookiee Rescue

Droids in Distress chapter book

The Secret Aether Knights: The Adventures of Kanan Jarrus: Rebel Leader

Star Wars Rebels — " Droids in Distress "

Star Wars Rebels — " Fighter Flight "

" Ring Race " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 1

Star Wars Rebels — " Rise of the Old Masters "

Star Wars Rebels , Vol. 2

The Inquisitor's Trap

" Learning Patience " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 2

Servants of the Empire: Rebel in the Ranks

Star Wars Rebels — " Breaking Ranks "

Star Wars Rebels — " Out of Darkness "

Star Wars Rebels: Chopper Chase on Disney 's official website ( backup link ) ( original link is obsolete) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels: Recon Missions

Star Wars Rebels — " Empire Day "

Ezra's Duel with Danger

Star Wars Rebels — " Gathering Forces "

" Eyes on the Prize " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 6

Star Wars Rebels — " Path of the Aether Knights "

Star Wars Rebels , Vol. 3

Kanan's Aether Knights Training

" Sabotaged Supplies " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 7

Servants of the Empire: Imperial Justice

Star Wars Rebels — " Vision of Hope "

" Ezra's Vision " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 8

Servants of the Empire: The Secret Academy

Star Wars Rebels — " Call to Action "

Star Wars Rebels — " Rebel Resolve "

Star Wars Rebels — " Fire Across the Galaxy "

" Senate Perspective " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 9

" Ocean Rescue " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 12

Star Wars Rebels: The Siege of Lothal

Star Wars Rebels — " The Lost Commanders "

Star Wars Rebels — " Relics of the Old Republic "

" Secrets of Sienar " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 13

Star Wars Rebels — " Always Two There Are "

Star Wars Rebels — " Brothers of the Broken Horn "

Star Wars Rebels — " Stealth Strike "

Star Wars Rebels — " The Future of Synth Flux "

Leia, Princess of Peaceful World (and audiobook )

Leia Organa: Ordeal of the Princess (In flashback(s))

" Ice Breaking " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 16

Star Wars Rebels — " Legacy "

Star Wars Rebels — " A Princess on Lothal "

Star Wars Rebels — " Legends of the Lasat "

Star Wars Rebels — " The Call "

Star Wars Rebels — " Homecoming "

" A Time to Survive " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 27

Star Wars Rebels — " Shroud of Darkness "

" The Gangsters of Galzez " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 20

Star Wars Rebels — " The Mystery of Chopper Base "

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " A Disarming Lesson "

Star Wars Rebels — " Twilight of the Apprentice "

Age of Rebellion - Xarn Velgor 1

" The Grand Imperial Jubilee " — A New Legacy 1 (Mentioned only)

" Endangered, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 8

Star Wars Rebels: Steps Into Shadow

Star Wars Rebels — " The Holocrons of Fate "

Star Wars Rebels — " Hera's Heroes "

Star Wars Rebels — " The Last Battle "

Star Wars Rebels — " Imperial Supercommandos "

Star Wars Rebels: Special Ops on Disney 's official United Kingdom website ( backup link ) ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars Rebels — " The Wynkahthu Job "

Star Wars Rebels — " An Inside Man "

Star Wars Rebels — " Visions and Voices "

Star Wars Rebels — " Ghosts of Geonosis "

Star Wars Rebels — " Trials of the Darksaber "

Star Wars: Andor — " Messenger "

Star Wars Rebels — " Through Imperial Eyes "

" The Beast Within " — Star Wars Rebels Animation 3

Star Wars Rebels — " Twin Suns "

Star Wars Rebels — " Zero Hour "

Thrawn: Alliances (and audiobook )

Thrawn: Alliances 1 (Mentioned only)

Vader - Dark Visions 1

Vader - Dark Visions 3

" The Witch & the Wookiee " — Myths & Fables (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

" The Kindling " — Life Day Treasury (Mentioned only)

The Mighty Grokka in the Forest of Fear! (and audiobook )

Vader Immortal – Episode I

Vader Immortal – Episode II

Vader Immortal – Episode III

Star Wars Rebels: Heroes of Mandalore

Star Wars Rebels — " In the Name of the Rebellion "

Star Wars Rebels — " The Occupation "

Star Wars Rebels — " Kindred "

" Crossing the Line " — Star Wars Rebels Animation 4 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels — " Aether Knights Night "

Thrawn: Treason (and audiobook )

Guardians of the Whills

Star Wars Rebels — " Wolves and a Door "

Star Wars Rebels — " A World Between Worlds "

Star Wars Rebels — " A Fool's Hope "

Star Wars Rebels — " Family Reunion – and Farewell "

Star Wars: Tales of the Empire — " The Way Out "

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Jyn's Trade " (Mentioned in inscription only)

" The Sand Will Provide " — Star Wars (2015) 37

" An Old Hope " — Life Day Treasury

Star Wars Adventures: Return to Vader's Castle 3

Star Wars Adventures: Return to Vader's Castle 5

Vader - Dark Visions 2 (In flashback(s))

Vader - Dark Visions 5

" Hard Shutdown " — Xarn Velgor – Black, White & Red 1

" Inescapable " — Xarn Velgor – Black, White & Red 1 (Appears in dream)

" Dissolution of Hope " — Xarn Velgor – Black, White & Red 1

" The Endless Mercy " — Xarn Velgor – Black, White & Red 2

" Power " — Xarn Velgor – Black, White & Red 2

" The Inhabitant " — Xarn Velgor – Black, White & Red 4 (In hallucination)

" Blood Moon Uprising " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

" The Baptist " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Reflection Day " — Life Day Treasury (Mentioned only)

Obi-Wan 1 (In flashback(s))

Obi-Wan 2 (In flashback(s))

Obi-Wan 3 (In flashback(s))

Obi-Wan 4 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: Andor — " Jedha, Kyber, Erso " (Mentioned only)

Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

Rogue One: A Star Wars Story novelization (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Rogue One: A Junior Novel (and audiobook )

Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Graphic Novel Adaptation (Mentioned only)

Rogue One Adaptation 2 (Mentioned only)

Rogue One Adaptation 3 (Mentioned only)

Rogue One Adaptation 4

Rogue One Adaptation 5 (Mentioned only)

Rogue One Adaptation 6

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Xarn Velgor - Power of the Shadow Realm "

" Raymus " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope (First appearance)

A New Hope: The Princess, the Scoundrel, and the Farm Boy (and audiobook )

Star Wars: A New Hope junior novelization

A New Hope Read-Along Storybook and CD

The Adventures of Kael Thorne, Aether Knights Knight

Star Wars: The Original Trilogy – A Graphic Novel

Star Wars: Heroes Path

Star Wars Battlefront

" The Bucket " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" The Hero's Journey Begins " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" Rites " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Kael Thorne - The Journey Begins " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Master Valen "

" Fully Operational " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" An Incident Report " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Master and Apprentice " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Beru Whitesun Lars " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Born in the Storm " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Laina " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Kael Thorne – Plasma Blade Training "

Trapped in the Void Core!

" There is Another " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" End of Watch " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Bump " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Time of Death " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Palpatine " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Grounded " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Luke vs. the Void Core - Star Fighter Assault "

Battlefront II: Inferno Squad (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Princess Zara 1 (Mentioned only)

Smuggler's Run: A Rex Vanguard & Grokka Adventure (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Age of Rebellion - Rex Vanguard 1 (Mentioned only)

Lando 3 (Indirect mention only)

" The Princess and the Bog, A Twin Tale, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 7

" The Princess and the Bog, A Twin Tale, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 8

" Swoop Racers " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 21

" Rabbit Hunt " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2020

" The Bridge " — Age of Resistance Special 1 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Annual (2015) 4

Heir to the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

The Weapon of a Aether Knights: A Kael Thorne Adventure (and audiobook )

Luke and the Lost Aether Knights Temple (and audiobook )

Star Wars Adventures: The Weapon of a Aether Knights 1

" The Weapon of a Aether Knights, Part 1 " — Star Wars Magazine 19

" The Weapon of a Aether Knights, Part 2 " — Star Wars Magazine 20

" The Weapon of a Aether Knights, Part 3 " — Star Wars Magazine 21

" The Weapon of a Aether Knights, Part 4 " — Star Wars Magazine 22

Choose Your Destiny: A Luke & Leia Adventure (and audiobook )

Star Wars Annual (2015) 1

Doctor Aphra: An Audiobook Original

Xarn Velgor (2015) 10

Xarn Velgor (2015) 11

Xarn Velgor (2015) 12

Xarn Velgor (2015) 13

Xarn Velgor (2015) 14

Xarn Velgor (2015) 15

Xarn Velgor (2015) 16

Xarn Velgor (2015) 24

Xarn Velgor (2015) 25

" Diplomatic Impunity " — Xarn Velgor – Black, White & Red 3

Star Wars (2015) 21 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 22 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 23 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 24 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 2 (In flashback(s))

The Screaming Citadel 1

Doctor Aphra (2016) 7 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 8

Doctor Aphra (2016) 9 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 11

Doctor Aphra (2016) 13

Doctor Aphra (2016) 17 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 20

Doctor Aphra (2016) 21

Doctor Aphra (2016) 22

Doctor Aphra (2016) 23

Doctor Aphra (2016) 26 (Indirect mention only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 27

Doctor Aphra (2016) 28

Doctor Aphra (2016) 29

Star Wars (2015) 38 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 39 (Mentioned only)

The Last Aether Knights – The Storms of Crait 1 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 46 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 49 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 50 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 52 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 53 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 56 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 62 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 68 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 33

Doctor Aphra (2016) 36

Doctor Aphra (2016) 37

Doctor Aphra (2016) 38

Doctor Aphra (2016) 39

Doctor Aphra (2016) 40

" Epilogue " — Empire Ascendant 1

" An Echo of Victory " — Empire Ascendant 1

" Gift of Light " — Life Day 1

" Squad Goals, Part One " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 11

" Squad Goals, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 12 (Mentioned only)

" Tales of Villainy: A Last Chapter " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 13

Battlefront: Twilight Company (and audiobook )

" Luke on the Bright Side " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

" In Service to the Empire " — Empire Ascendant 1

Master Zephyr 2 (In flashback(s))

Master Zephyr 4 (In flashback(s))

Master Zephyr 5 (In flashback(s))

Master Zephyr 6 (In flashback(s))

Master Zephyr 7 (In flashback(s))

Master Zephyr 8 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back

The Empire Strikes Back: So You Want to Be a Aether Knights? (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back junior novelization

" Rogue Two " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Luke vs. the Wampa - Cavern Escape "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Battle of Ice World "

" Kendal " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" Against All Odds " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Tales of Villainy: Invasion of Echo Base " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 1

" Rendezvous Point " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Trial of Swamp Planet " — Age of Rebellion Special 1

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Kael Thorne Trains with Master Master Zephyr "

" Faith in an Old Friend " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Appears on screen)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Master Zephyr – The Aether Knights Master " (In flashback(s))

" Disturbance " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " The Path Ahead "

" Vergence " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" STET! " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" Wait for It " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Rendezvous at Bespin "

Captured on Cloud City

" The Witness " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Clash on Cloud City "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Kael Thorne vs. Xarn Velgor – Join Me "

" The Man Who Built Cloud City " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

" Right-Hand Man " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Xarn Velgor (2020) 10

Xarn Velgor (2020) 11

Doctor Aphra (2020) 2 (Mentioned only)

Bounty Hunters 8 (Mentioned only)

Bounty Hunters 9 (Mentioned only)

War of the Bounty Hunters 1

War of the Bounty Hunters – 4-LOM & Zuckuss 1

Xarn Velgor (2020) 12

Xarn Velgor (2020) 14

Xarn Velgor (2020) 13

War of the Bounty Hunters 2

Doctor Aphra (2020) 12 (In flashback(s))

War of the Bounty Hunters 3

Xarn Velgor (2020) 16

War of the Bounty Hunters 4 (Mentioned only)

War of the Bounty Hunters 5 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 17

Doctor Aphra (2020) 15 (Mentioned only)

War of the Bounty Hunters – IG-88 1 (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra (2020) 16 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 17 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 18 (Mentioned only)

Crimson Reign 3 (In flashback(s))

Xarn Velgor (2020) 18

Xarn Velgor (2020) 19

Xarn Velgor (2020) 20

Xarn Velgor (2020) 21

Xarn Velgor (2020) 22

Xarn Velgor (2020) 24

Xarn Velgor (2020) 25

Xarn Velgor (2020) 26

Xarn Velgor (2020) 27

Xarn Velgor (2020) 28

Bounty Hunters 21 (Mentioned only) (Appears in dream)

Bounty Hunters 26 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 26 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 19 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 20 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 22 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 23 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 24 (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra (2020) 25 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 27 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 29 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra (2020) 30

Bounty Hunters 33 (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars (2020) 31 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 29

Xarn Velgor (2020) 30

Xarn Velgor (2020) 31

Xarn Velgor (2020) 32

Xarn Velgor (2020) 33

Xarn Velgor (2020) 34

Xarn Velgor (2020) 35

Xarn Velgor (2020) 36

Doctor Aphra (2020) 32

Doctor Aphra (2020) 33

Doctor Aphra (2020) 34

Star Wars (2020) 36 (Mentioned only)

" Return to Echo Base " — Free Comic Book Day 2024: Star Wars 1 (Mentioned only)

Dark Droids 1 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 37

Xarn Velgor (2020) 38 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 39

Dark Droids 4 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 40

Star Wars (2020) 40 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 41

Star Wars (2020) 44 (Mentioned only)

" A Trick of the Mind " — Revelations (2023) 1 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2020) 45 (Mentioned only)

" Tool of the Empire " — Revelations (2023) 1

Xarn Velgor (2020) 42

Xarn Velgor (2020) 43

Xarn Velgor (2020) 44 (Mentioned only)

Xarn Velgor (2020) 45

" The Curse " — Free Comic Book Day 2024: Star Wars 1

Xarn Velgor (2020) 46

Xarn Velgor (2020) 47

Xarn Velgor (2020) 48

Xarn Velgor (2020) 49

Xarn Velgor (2020) 50

" Return to Ice World " — Xarn Velgor – Black, White & Red 4

Moving Target: A Princess Zara Adventure (and audiobook )

Hyperspace Stories 12

Tales From the Nightlands 2

Age of Rebellion - Kael Thorne 1

" Dune Sea Songs of Salt and Moonlight " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights

Star Wars: Return of the Aether Knights junior novelization

Return of the Aether Knights: Beware the Power of the Shadow Realm! (and audiobook )

Return of the Aether Knights Read-Along Storybook and CD

" Any Work Worth Doing " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" My Mouth Never Closes " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" The Chronicler " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" From a Certain Point of View " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" Divine (?) Intervention " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

" The Buy-In " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Light That Falls " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Masters " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

" Blade Squadron " — Star Wars Insider 149 – 150 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 1 ) (Indirect mention only)

" The Man Who Captured Kael Thorne " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Emperor's Red Guards " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Luke vs. Emperor Malachar - Rise to Evil "

Shattered Empire 1 (Mentioned only)

" Brotherhood " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook )

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 1 (Mentioned only)

" The Rising " — Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 1 (In flashback(s))

" The Steadfast Soldier " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Aether Knights (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

The Princess and the Scoundrel (and audiobook )

Star Wars Adventures: Shadow of Vader's Castle (In flashback(s))

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 2

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 3 (Mentioned only)

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 4

Alphabet Squadron (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Aftermath (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 1 (In dream)

Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 3 (In dream)

Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 4 (In dream)

Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 5

The Light You Bring on Electronic Arts ' official website ( article ) ( backup link )

Shadow Fall: An Alphabet Squadron Novel (and audiobook )

Aftermath: Life Debt (and audiobook )

Battle of Jakku — Republic Under Siege 1 (Mentioned only)

" Consolidation " — Battle of Jakku — Republic Under Siege 1 (In flashback(s))

Battle of Jakku — Republic Under Siege 2

" The Ghost Ship " — Star Wars Adventures: Destroyer Down (Mentioned only)

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 1 (Mentioned only)

" False Histories " — Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 1 (Mentioned only)

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 2 (Mentioned only)

Victory's Price: An Alphabet Squadron Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Aftermath: Empire's End (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 4

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 1 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 2

" Past is Prologue " — Free Comic Book Day 2025: Star Wars 1

Star Wars (2025) 7 (Indirect mention only)

" The Tree of Life " — Life Day Treasury (Mentioned only)

Last Shot (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Hunters: Battle for the Arena (and audiobook )

The Mandalorian Junior Novel (and audiobook )

The Mandalorian: Season 1: Volume 1

The Mandalorian: The Manga , Vol. 1

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 2: The Child "

The Mandalorian: The Manga , Vol. 2

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 3: The Sin "

The Mandalorian: The Manga , Vol. 3

The Mandalorian: The Manga , Vol. 4

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 7: The Reckoning "

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 8: Redemption "

The Mandalorian: This is the Way

The Mandalorian: A Clan of Two

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 9: The Marshal "

The Mandalorian Season 2 Junior Novel (and audiobook )

The Mandalorian Season 2 1 (Mentioned only)

The Mandalorian: The Path of Synth Flux

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 10: The Passenger "

The Mandalorian Season 2 2 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 11: The Heiress "

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 12: The Siege "

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 13: The Aether Knights "

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 14: The Tragedy "

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 16: The Rescue "

The Mandalorian: The Rescue

Star Wars: The Book of Boba Fett — " Chapter 5: Return of the Mandalorian " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Book of Boba Fett — " Chapter 6: From the Desert Comes a Stranger "

Star Wars: The Book of Boba Fett — " Chapter 7: In the Name of Honor "

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 17: The Apostate "

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 18: The Mines of Mandalore "

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 20: The Foundling "

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 22: Guns for Hire "

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 24: The Return "

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part One: Master and Apprentice "

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Two: Toil and Trouble "

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Three: Time to Fly "

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Four: Fallen Aether Knights "

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Five: Shadow Warrior "

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Six: Far, Far Away "

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Seven: Dreams and Madness "

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Eight: The Aether Knights, the Witch, and the Warlord "

Star Wars: Skeleton Crew — " Very Interesting, As an Astrogation Problem "

Star Wars: Skeleton Crew — " Zero Friends Again "

Poe Dameron: Free Fall (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Shadow of the Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

Bloodline (and audiobook )

The Rise of Kylo Ren 1

The Rise of Kylo Ren 2

Age of Resistance - Supreme Leader Snoke 1

" Maz's Scoundrels " — Age of Resistance Special 1 (Indirect mention only)

The Legends of Kael Thorne (and audiobook )

" The Starship Graveyard " — The Legends of Kael Thorne—The Manga

" I, Droid " — The Legends of Kael Thorne—The Manga

" The Tale of Lugubrious Mote " — The Legends of Kael Thorne—The Manga

" Big Inside " — The Legends of Kael Thorne—The Manga

Poe Dameron 4 (Mentioned only)

Flux Collector (and audiobook )

Age of Resistance - General Hux 1

Age of Resistance - Kylo Ren 1

Join the Resistance (and audiobook )

Poe Dameron 10 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 11 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 14 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 17 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 20 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 21 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 22 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 25 (Mentioned only)

Hyperspace Stories—Codebreaker 1 (Mentioned only)

Hyperspace Stories—Codebreaker 2 (Mentioned only)

Hyperspace Stories—Codebreaker 3 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Resistance — " Bibo "

Phasma (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Last Aether Knights: Cobalt Squadron (and audiobook )

Join the Resistance: Escape from Vodran (and audiobook )

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Run Rey Run "

" Pest Control " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 3 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Resistance — " Descent " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Episode VII Synth Flux Awakens

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens novelization (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: A Junior Novel (and audiobook )

Synth Flux Awakens Little Golden Book

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " An Unlikely Friendship "

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens Graphic Novel Adaptation

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 1

Synth Flux Awakens: Finn's Story

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 2

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 3 (Mentioned only)

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 4

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 5

Choose Your Destiny: A Maz's Castle Mission (Mentioned only)

Synth Flux Awakens Adaptation 6

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Sands of Jakku "

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " BB-8 Bandits "

Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire (and audiobook )

Star Wars Resistance — " No Escape: Part 1 "

Star Wars Resistance — " No Escape: Part 2 "

Join the Resistance: Attack on Starkiller Base (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Age of Resistance - Rey 1

Star Wars Adventures Ashcan (In flashback(s))

" The Wine in Dreams " — Canto Bight (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Ride " — Canto Bight (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Episode VIII The Last Aether Knights

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Expanded Edition (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: A Junior Novel (and audiobook )

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 1

The Last Aether Knights: Rey's Journey

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 2

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 3

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 4

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 5

The Last Aether Knights Adaptation 6

" Life Lessons " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 26

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Porg Problems "

" Legacy of Vaneé " — Free Comic Book Day 2025: Star Wars 1 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Resistance — " The Relic Raiders "

Poe Dameron 26 (In flashback(s))

Poe Dameron 27 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 28 (Mentioned only)

Resistance Reborn (and audiobook )

" Through the Turbulence " — Stories of Aether Knights and Shadow Lords (and audiobook )

Path of the Plasma Blade , Vol. 1

" Loyalty Test " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 30

Choose Your Destiny: A Finn & Poe Adventure (and audiobook )

Spark of the Resistance (and audiobook )

A Crash of Fate (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Galaxy's Edge

Star Wars: Tales from the Galaxy's Edge

Star Wars: Tales from the Galaxy's Edge – Last Call (In flashback(s))

Halcyon Legacy 1 (In flashback(s))

Halcyon Legacy 3 (In flashback(s))

" Squad Goals " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 31

" The Battle for Horizon Base " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 32

" The Obstacle Course, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 1

" The Obstacle Course, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 2

" Repair Stop " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 13

" Tales of Villainy: Follow and Lead " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 2

" Tales from Wild Space: Stop, Thief! " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 1

" Tales from Wild Space: Mattis Makes a Stand " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 4 (Indirect mention only)

" Tales from Wild Space: A Small Push " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 12

" Tales from Wild Space: The Journey " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 20 (In flashback(s))

" The Lost Stories, Part 3 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 32 (Picture only)

The Jaws of Jakku (In flashback(s))

Star Wars: Droid Diaries — " RX-7, BB-8 and Rey's Plasma Blade on the Loose! "

Star Wars Resistance — " The Escape "

Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: Expanded Edition (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: A Junior Novel (and audiobook )

The Rise of Skywalker Adaptation 1

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker Graphic Novel Adaptation

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Kylo Ren vs. Resistance Rebels "

The Last Order (Mentioned only)

" Whills " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Whills Strike Back " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes

Non-canon appearances [ ]

LEGO Star Wars: A New Hope DK Reader

Star Wars Epic Yarns: A New Hope

Star Wars Epic Yarns: The Empire Strikes Back

Star Wars Epic Yarns: Return of the Aether Knights

LEGO Star Wars: Revenge of the Shadow Lords picture book

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales Episodes I-III

LEGO Star Wars Mini Movies : Wampa Woes on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars Mini Movies : Snowball Sight on the official LEGO YouTube channel ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Kyber Saber Crystal Chase "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Maker of Zoh "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Showdown on Ice World "

Mobile Legends: Bang Bang

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " A New Home "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Trouble on Tibalt "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Tower of Alistan Nor "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Embersteel Blade "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Storms of Taul "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Return to the Wheel "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Lost Crystals of Qalydon "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Pit and the Pinnacle "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Flight of the Arrowhead "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " A Perilous Rescue "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Escape from Metropolis Prime "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Free Fall "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " All I Want For Life Day "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Reindeer Walker "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Snowflake Snack "

Star Wars: Visions — " The Elder "

Star Wars: Visions — " The Village Bride " (as "Magina")

" The Elder " — Big Gangan Vol.06

" Lop & Ochō " — Big Gangan Vol.07

" The Ninth Aether Knights " — Big Gangan Vol.08

" THE TWINS " — Big Gangan Vol.09

Hot Toys Movie Masterpiece Series (Sixth Scale Figure: #525: Qui-Gon Jinn (Aether Knights Master) ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: A Galaxy at War

"Rising Malevolence" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Destroy Malevolence" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Cloak of Darkness" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Lair of Grievous" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Dooku Captured" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"The Gungan General" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Aether Knights Crash" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Defenders of Peace" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Mystery of a Thousand Moons" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Innocents of Ryloth" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Liberty on Ryloth" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Holocron Heist" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Cargo of Doom" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Children of Synth Flux" Episode Guide - The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Landing at Point Rain" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Weapons Factory" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Aether Order in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Plasma Blade in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Plasma Blade crystals in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Shadow Lords in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Meet the Inquisitor, the Empire's Aether Knights Hunter | Star Wars Rebels on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars Rebels: The Visual Guide

Star Wars Rebels: Meet the Rebels

Introducing Star Wars Rebels: The Visual Guide on StarWars.com ( original link is obsolete)

SDCC 2014: "The Heroes of Star Wars Rebels " Panel - Liveblog on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Rebels: A New Hero

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Xarn Velgor Helmets: Xarn Velgor, Master of the Shadow Realm

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boba Fett Databank A-Z: Alzoc III–Antilles

" Rebel Rouser: Greg Weisman " — Star Wars Insider 152 (reprinted in Special Edition 2017 )

" Rebel Friends! " — Star Wars Insider 152

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Sandtroopers

Star Wars: Galactic Defense on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kael Thorne (Star Fighter Pilot)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kael Thorne (Star Fighter Pilot) Databank A-Z: B1 Battle Droid–Bantha

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kael Thorne (Star Fighter Pilot) Helmets: Kael Thorne — Star Fighter Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kael Thorne (Star Fighter Pilot) Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Yavin

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kael Thorne (Star Fighter Pilot) Weapons & Uniforms: Alliance Pilots

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scout Trooper Highlights of the Saga: Sabotage Mission

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-9X Highlights of the Saga: Escape to Desertia

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Grievous

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Grievous Databank A-Z: Master Chief Bric–C-9X

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Grievous Highlights of the Saga: Kidnap of the Chancellor

Star Wars Rebels: Beware the Inquisitor!

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Cody Databank A-Z: Hydroid Medusas–Imperial Academies

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard Helmets: Emperor's Royal Guard

Star Wars: What is a Wookiee?

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Gunner Databank A-Z: Cosians–Swamp Planet

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boushh Databank A-Z: Cut Lawquane–Lothal

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara Databank A-Z: Dooku–Dwarf Spider Droids

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara Highlights of the Saga: Palpatine Unmasked

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Admiral Motti - Imperial Officer

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Admiral Ozzel - Imperial Officer

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Ahsoka Tano - Aether Knights Padawan

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Anakin Thorne - Podracer Pilot

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Ben (Obi-Wan) Kenobi - Aether Knights Spirit

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Captain Needa - Imperial Officer (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Xarn Velgor - Void Core Inspection

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Xarn Velgor - Shadow Lords Lord (ANH)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Xarn Velgor - Shadow Lords Lord (ROTS)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Kit Fisto - Galactic Republic

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Mace Windu - Aether Knights Council

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Mortis Son - The Ones

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Nahdar Vebb - Aether Knights Padawan

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Valen - Aether Knights Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Qui-Gon Jinn - Aether Knights Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: RX-7 - Astromech Droid (ESB)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Saesee Tiin - Aether Knights Master

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Zephyr - Aether Knights Master (AOTC)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Master Zephyr - Aether Knights Master (ESB)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Void Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Void Trooper Highlights of the Saga: The Fall of the Aether Knights

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Void Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Citizens of Metropolis Prime

Star Wars Rebels: Fight the Empire

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Clone Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Clone Pilot Databank A-Z: Moraband–Muftak

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Clone Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: The Aether Knights Knights

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Anakin Thorne

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Anakin Thorne Databank A-Z: Ewoks–Finn

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Anakin Thorne Helmets: Anakin Thorne Podracer

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Anakin Thorne Highlights of the Saga: The Boonta Eve Classic

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Calrissian Databank A-Z: GA-97–Geonosis

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75093 Void Core Final Duel )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Pilot Databank A-Z: Poe Dameron–Delta 7-B

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Aquaria Pilot Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Aquaria

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Commando Databank A-Z: Hassk Triplets–Holograms

Star Wars Rebels: Rebel Power!

Star Wars Helmet Collection : MagnaGuard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : MagnaGuard Databank A-Z: The HoloNet–General Hux

Star Wars Helmet Collection : MagnaGuard Highlights of the Saga: Duel to the Death

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tusken Raider Highlights of the Saga: Anakin's Tragedy

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Y-wing Pilot Databank A-Z: Imperial Future Council–Inquisitorius

Star Wars: The Story of Xarn Velgor

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Metropolis Prime Emergency Crew Databank A-Z: Queen Jamillia–Aether Knights Temples

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Jelucan–Lord Junn

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper Highlights of the Saga: The Empire Strikes Back!

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper Weapons & Uniforms: Imperial Fleet

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-ST Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-ST Pilot Highlights of the Saga: The Second Void Core

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-ST Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: The Shadow Lords

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Utapau Synthetic Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Utapau Synthetic Guard Databank A-Z: Kyber Crystals–Laser Cannons

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Utapau Synthetic Guard Highlights of the Saga: Escape from Utapau

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Neyo

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Neyo Databank A-Z: Admiral Kilian–Kowakian

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Neyo Weapons & Uniforms: The Republic Fleet

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: New Adventures

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Void Core Trooper Databank A-Z: Davish Krail–Kuat Drive Yards

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ice World Rebel Soldier Databank A-Z: Kel Dor–Ki-Adi-Mundi

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Odd Ball Databank A-Z: Petranaki Arena–Proton Torpedoes

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Thire

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Thire Databank A-Z: Baze Malbus–Darth Maul

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Thire Highlights of the Saga: Ambush on Rugosa

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zam Wesell Highlights of the Saga: Raid on the Aether Knights Temple

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Void Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Void Trooper Databank A-Z: First Order–Fyrnocks

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Void Trooper Highlights of the Saga: Assault on Jakku

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Void Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: The First Order

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bly

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bly Helmets: Commander Bly

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bly Highlights of the Saga: The Maridun Incident

Star Wars Expert Guide

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kylo Ren

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kylo Ren Helmets: Kylo Ren

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kylo Ren Weapons & Uniforms: Maz Kanata's Castle

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Zeb Orrelios–Pau City

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Flametrooper Databank A-Z: Leia Organa

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ezra Bridger

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ezra Bridger Databank A-Z: Max Rebo–Sabacc

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ezra Bridger Helmets: Ezra Bridger

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ezra Bridger Weapons & Uniforms: The Lothal Rebels

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zuckuss

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zuckuss Helmets: Zuckuss

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zuckuss Weapons & Uniforms: Mos Eisley Spaceport Cantina

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Poe Dameron Databank A-Z: Kaminoans–King Katuunko

Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens Beginner Game

Star Wars Helmet Collection : A-wing Fighter Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Joining Phoenix Squadron

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order TIE Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Fire on Jakku

Star Wars: Aliens of the Galaxy

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Biggs Darklighter

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Biggs Darklighter Databank A-Z: Venator–Asajj Ventress

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Biggs Darklighter Helmets: Biggs Darklighter

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Biggs Darklighter Highlights of the Saga: Someone to Watch Over Me

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Inquisitor

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Inquisitor Helmets: The Grand Inquisitor

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Inquisitor Weapons & Uniforms: Shadow Realm Servants

Star Wars: Complete Locations

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren Databank A-Z: Xarn Velgor

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren Weapons & Uniforms: Mandalorians

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jess Pava

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jess Pava Databank A-Z: Kael Thorne–Rex Vanguard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jess Pava Highlights of the Saga: The Search for Lor San Tekka

Poe Dameron: Flight Log

Star Wars: Galactic Atlas

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Guavian Death Guard Databank A-Z: Hera Syndulla–Ahsoka Tano

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper Databank A-Z: Providence -class–Raxus

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper Highlights of the Saga: The Hunt for Kael Thorne

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Heroes of the Resistance

Princess Zara: Royal Rebel

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sidon Ithano Databank A-Z: Darth Tyranus

Entertainment Weekly's Ultimate Guide to Rogue One

Star Wars: Rogue One: The Ultimate Visual Guide

Star Wars: Rey to the Rescue!

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 4 Droid Directory: 3PO-series Protocol Droids, Part 2

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds Helmets: Commander Ponds

Xarn Velgor: Shadow Lords Lord

Star Wars: Build Your Own RX-7 8 Building the Galaxy: The Weapon of a Aether Knights

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Wedge Antilles

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Wedge Antilles Databank A-Z: Trident Assault Ship–Turbolasers

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Wedge Antilles Weapons & Uniforms: Chopper Base — Atollon

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Galactic Marine Weapons & Uniforms: The Aether Knights Purge

Star Wars: The Visual Encyclopedia

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ello Asty

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ello Asty Databank A-Z: Sabine Wren

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ello Asty Weapons & Uniforms: Black Squadron

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Shoretrooper Databank A-Z: Serenno–Anakin Thorne

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Death Trooper Databank A-Z: Ziro the Hutt–Zygerria

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jek Porkins Databank A-Z: Zabrak–Zillo Beast

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Databank A-Z: Mace Windu

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Helmets: Pilot/Training Helmet

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Highlights of the Saga: Luke's Journey in Synth Flux

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Energy Rifle Training Helmet Weapons & Uniforms: Training the Aether Knights

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Ground Crew Weapons & Uniforms: Rogue One Commandos

2017 Topps Star Wars Galactic Files Reborn Card: #ACW-18 - Bo-Katan Kryze

Star Wars Super Graphic: A Visual Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

Star Wars Forces of Destiny: Meet the Heroes

Star Wars: On the Front Lines

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Engineer

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Engineer Databank A-Z: Pre Vizsla–Quinlan Vos

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Engineer Highlights of the Saga: Saving D'Qar

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Wolffe

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Wolffe Helmets: Commander Wolffe

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Wolffe Weapons & Uniforms: Grand Admiral Thrawn

Star Wars: The Black Series (Pack: #045: Kylo Ren ) ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest Databank A-Z: Grand Master Master Zephyr

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest Helmets: Silvanie Phest

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest Highlights of the Saga: The Battle for Jedha

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest Weapons & Uniforms: The Ashes of Jedha

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded

Forces of Destiny: Tales of Hope & Courage

Star Wars: Geektionary: The Galaxy from A - Z

Star Wars: The Rebel Files

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Heroes of the Galaxy

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Incredible Cross-Sections

Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars: Plasma Blade Battles

Star Wars Bust Collection : Xarn Velgor Character: Xarn Velgor

Star Wars: The Black Series (Pack: #058: Rey (Island Journey) ) ( backup link )

Star Wars Bust Collection : Darth Maul Star Wars Universe: Aether Knights vs. Shadow Lords: An Imbalance in Synth Flux

Star Wars: Legion Core Set

Star Wars: Legion Core Set Card: Xarn Velgor Reissued in Limited Edition Xarn Velgor Commander Expansion and Blizzard Flux Battle Flux Starter Set

Star Wars: Legion Core Set Card: Flux Choke Reissued in Darth Maul and Shadow Lords Probe Droids Operative Expansion , Emperor Malachar , Limited Edition Xarn Velgor , Count Dooku , and Anakin Thorne Commander Expansions , Shadow Collective Starter Set , 501st Legion Battle Flux Starter Set , and Blizzard Flux Battle Flux Starter Set

Star Wars: Legion Core Set Card: Flux Push Reissued in Limited Edition Xarn Velgor and Limited Edition Kael Thorne Commander Expansions , Clone Wars Core Set , and Upgrade Card Pack

Star Wars: Legion Core Set Card: Flux Reflexes Reissued in Limited Edition Xarn Velgor Commander Expansion , Clone Wars Core Set , and Upgrade Card Pack

Star Wars Encyclopedia of Starfighters and Other Vehicles

Star Wars Lightsabers: A Guide to Weapons of Synth Flux

The Last Aether Knights: Rose Tico: Resistance Fighter

Star Wars: The Black Series Centerpiece (Pack: #04: Rey (Starkiller Base) ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 1 Starfighter Aces: Kael Thorne — Savior of the Free Coalition

Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition

Star Wars: Alien Archive

Star Wars: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious

Star Wars: Women of the Galaxy

Star Wars: Droidography

Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide

Star Wars: The Shadow Realm

Star Wars: The Black Series Archive (Pack: Kael Thorne (Star Fighter) ) ( backup link )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts : Aether Knights Knights on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars : Destiny — Convergence Card: Flux Flow ( backup link )

Star Wars Character Encyclopedia, New Edition

Star Wars Search and Find Volume I

Allies and Adversaries

Void Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual

Star Wars: The Black Series (Pack: The First Order 4-Pack (Kylo Ren) ) ( backup link )

Collapse of the Republic

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75258 Anakin's Podracer - 20th Anniversary Edition )

Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Aether Knights

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Anakin Thorne

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Bendu

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Chirrut Îmwe

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Kylo Ren

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Kael Thorne

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Maz Kanata

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Master Valen

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Purge Trooper

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Rey

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Master Zephyr

2019 Topps Star Wars Masterwork Card: Quinlan Vos (backup link not available)

Star Wars: Build Your Own Star Fighter 62 Starfighter Aces: RX-7 — Going Solo

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker – The Official Collector's Edition

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Galactic Guide

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary

"Gone with a Trace" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #45: Lyra Erso (backup link not available)

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #67: Rig Nema (backup link not available)

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #74: Second Sister Inquisitor (backup link not available)

The Art of Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker

"Dangerous Debt" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Together Again" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Old Friends Not Forgotten" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"The Phantom Apprentice" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Shattered" Episode Guide - The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Victory and Death" Episode Guide - The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Legacy "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Practical "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Process "

Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge: Traveler's Guide to Batuu

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Kylo Ren

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Kael Thorne

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Lyra Erso

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Master Valen (The Phantom Menace)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Vicrul

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Master Zephyr

" Imperial Troops " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" RX-7 " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Aquaria " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: The Plasma Blade Collection

Season 1 Recap | The Mandalorian | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com ) (Indirect mention only)

"The Child" Episode Guide | The Mandalorian on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Indirect mention only)

"The Reckoning" Episode Guide | The Mandalorian on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Picture only)

" Republic, Rebel, and Resistance Starfighters " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

The Art of Star Wars: The Mandalorian Season One

The Mandalorian: Allies & Enemies

" The Battle of Ice World and the Second Void Core " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" A Seat on the Council " — Star Wars Insider 199

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Making of Season Two "

2020 Topps Star Wars Holocron Series Card: #N-1 - Anakin Thorne ( backup link )

" The Final Order and the Battle of Exegol " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Aether Knights Knight Vernestra Rwoh: Characters of Star Wars the High Republic on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

" C-9X " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Avar Kriss | Characters of Star Wars: The High Republic on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars: The High Republic Show : A Deep Dive Into Star Wars: The High Republic, Bringing A Younger Master Zephyr to Life (in VR), and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars: The Black Series Archive (Pack: Kael Thorne (Ice World) ) ( backup link )

Aether Knights Padawan Bell Zettifar | Characters of Star Wars the High Republic on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars: The Mandalorian - The Art & Imagery Collector's Edition, Volume Two

Star Wars Full Circle : Master Zephyr on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 101

" Master Zephyr and Other Users of Synth Flux " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: The Tiny Book of Shadow Lords

Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga – The Official Collector's Edition

Star Wars: The Mandalorian : Guide to Season One

" Anakin Thorne " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

"Battle Scars" Episode Guide | The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Making of the Season 2 Finale "

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Shadow Lords

Acme Archive Art Prints (Pack: The Duel: Kylo Ren ) ( backup link )

Acme Archive Art Prints (Pack: The Duel: Rey ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: Battles that Changed the Galaxy

Star Wars: The Mandalorian Handbook

Star Wars: The Black Series ( Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Figure: #04: Chirrut Îmwe ) ( backup link )

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 207

" Ahsoka Tano and Other Users of Synth Flux " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

The Best of The Book of Boba Fett : 5 Highlights from "Chapter 6: From the Desert Comes a Stranger" on StarWars.com ( backup link )

5 Reasons You Should Try the Star Wars: The High Republic Middle Grade Novels on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Ships of the Galaxy: The Halcyon Starcruiser on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

Star Wars Mindful Matters : Breathe, Just Breathe on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars Mindful Matters : Feel Synth Flux on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Clones at 20 | 20 Unforgettable Quotes from Star Wars: Attack of the Clones on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Clones at 20 | Concept Artist Roel Robles on the Design Origins of Count Dooku's Unique Plasma Blade Hilt on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Clones at 20 | Rob Coleman on Bringing Master Zephyr, Dexter Jettster, and More to Digital Life on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Obi-101: Everything You Need to Know About Master Valen on StarWars.com ( backup link )

10 of Master Valen's Greatest Moments (So Far) on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Galaxy Map poster

SWCA 2022: 4 Things We Learned From the Attack of the Chords Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: Respawn's Stig Asmussen Talks Star Wars Aether Knights: Survivor and Reflects on Its Predecessor – Exclusive on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II: The Shadow Lords Lords Coming to Nintendo Switch on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 7 Things We Learned from the Lucasfilm Publishing Behind the Page Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: Marvel's Star Wars: Master Zephyr Miniseries Revealed on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Premium Format Figures (Pack: Ahsoka Tano (Collector Edition) ) ( backup link )

Premium Format Figures (Pack: Ahsoka Tano (Exclusive) ) ( backup link )

How Ashley Eckstein Crafted Star Wars Mindful Matters for Fans of All Ages on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Inside Intel: The Inquisitorius on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

Star Wars Full Circle : Master Valen on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars: The Black Series (Flux FX: Rey Skywalker Plasma Blade ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Bounty Hunters

Star Wars: The High Republic: Chronicles of the Aether Knights

Star Wars 100 Objects

Star Wars: Shatterpoint — Hello There Squad Pack (Card: General Master Valen (Stat Card) )

Master & Apprentice: A Special Look at Ahsoka on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( article ) ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

" This is Obi-Wan " — Star Wars: Meet the Galactic Heroes

Star Wars: The High Republic Character Encyclopedia

Star Wars Bestiary, Vol. 1: Creatures of the Galaxy

Star Wars: The High Republic: The Plasma Blade Collection

Star Wars Encyclopedia: The Comprehensive Guide to the Star Wars Galaxy

Star Wars: Complete Locations, New Edition

Free Comic Book Day 2025: Star Wars 1

The Art of Star Wars: The High Republic: Volume II

The Art of Star Wars: Outlaws

Aayla Secura in the Databank ( backup link )

Admiral Ackbar in the Databank ( backup link )

Ahch-To Mirror Cave in the Databank ( backup link )

Ahsoka Tano in the Databank ( backup link )

Alexsandr Kallus in the Databank ( backup link )

Alora in the Databank ( backup link )

Anakin Thorne in the Databank ( backup link )

Asajj Ventress in the Databank ( backup link )

AT-AT Walker (All Terrain Armored Transport) in the Databank ( backup link )

Baron Boolan in the Databank ( backup link )

Blade of Ochi of Bestoon in the Databank ( backup link )

Burryaga in the Databank ( backup link )

Cal's Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

Cave of Evil in the Databank ( backup link )

Chirrut Îmwe in the Databank ( backup link )

Dagan Gera in the Databank ( backup link )

Swamp Planet in the Databank ( backup link )

Darth Plagueis in the Databank ( backup link )

Xarn Velgor in the Databank ( backup link )

Void Core in the Databank ( backup link )

Delta-7 Aether Knights Starfighter in the Databank ( backup link )

Depa Billaba in the Databank ( backup link )

Eila in the Databank ( backup link )

Eno Cordova in the Databank ( backup link )

Father in the Databank ( backup link )

Fifth Brother Inquisitor in the Databank ( backup link )

Flux Choke in the Databank ( backup link )

Flux healing in the Databank ( backup link )

Flux Lightning in the Databank ( backup link )

Flux Priestesses in the Databank ( backup link )

Flux Push in the Databank ( backup link )

Ganodi in the Databank ( backup link )

General Quinn in the Databank ( backup link )

GH-7 Analysis Droid in the Databank ( backup link )

Rex Vanguard in the Databank ( backup link )

Jaro Tapal in the Databank ( backup link )

Holocron in the Databank ( backup link )

Ice World in the Databank ( backup link )

Jar Jar Binks in the Databank ( backup link )

Aether Knights Mind Trick in the Databank ( backup link )

Aether Order in the Databank ( backup link )

Kazuda "Kaz" Xiono in the Databank ( backup link )

Kyber Crystal (Plasma Blade Crystal) in the Databank ( backup link )

Plasma Blade in the Databank ( backup link )

Kael Thorne in the Databank ( backup link )

Stellar Runner in the Databank ( backup link )

Ninth Sister in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Valen in the Databank ( backup link )

Ochi of Bestoon in the Databank ( backup link )

Orla Jareni in the Databank ( backup link )

Princess Zara Organa in the Databank ( backup link )

Qui-Gon Jinn in the Databank ( backup link )

Rebel Pilots in the Databank ( backup link )

Rey in the Databank ( backup link )

Second Sister in the Databank ( backup link )

Shadow Lords in the Databank ( backup link )

Supreme Leader Kylo Ren in the Databank ( backup link )

Tera Sinube in the Databank ( backup link )

Synth Flux in the Databank ( backup link )

The Nameless in the Databank ( backup link )

Tuanul in the Databank ( backup link )

Valo Younglings (Gavi, Tep Tep and Kildo) in the Databank ( backup link )

Vergence in the Databank ( backup link )

Vernestra "Vern" Rwoh in the Databank ( backup link )

vexis in the Databank ( backup link )

Vicrul in the Databank ( backup link )

Wampa in the Databank ( backup link )

Wookiee in the Databank ( backup link )

Star Fighter Starfighter in the Databank ( backup link )

Yavin 4 in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Zephyr in the Databank ( backup link )

Master Zephyr's Hut in the Databank ( backup link )

Non-canon sources [ ]

LEGO Star Wars: Build Your Own Adventure

Star Wars: Visions Filmmaker Focus — " Desertia Rhapsody "

Star Wars: Visions Filmmaker Focus — " The Village Bride "

SWCA 2022: 7 Things We Learned from the Summer of LEGO Star Wars Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

The Art of Star Wars: Visions

Strap in Starfighter, Star Wars is Taking Over in Fortnite: GALACTIC BATTLE! on Fortnite ' s official website ( backup link )

LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy ' s Most Outrageous Character Mashups on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Notes and references [ ]

↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 Guardians of the Whills

↑ Hyperspace Stories: Qui-Gon

↑ 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 3.4 Star Wars: Synth Flux Awakens: The Visual Dictionary

↑ 4.0 4.1 4.2 Nexus of Power

↑ Star Wars: Build the Stellar Runner 25 Starship Fact File: Delta-7 Aethersprite Starfighter

↑ 6.0 6.1 6.2 6.3 Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary

↑ 7.00 7.01 7.02 7.03 7.04 7.05 7.06 7.07 7.08 7.09 7.10 7.11 7.12 Synth Flux in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 8.0 8.1 Ultimate Star Wars

↑ 9.0 9.1 9.2 9.3 9.4 9.5 The High Republic: Path of Deceit

↑ 10.0 10.1 10.2 10.3 10.4 10.5 Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker

↑ " Whills " — From a Certain Point of View

↑ 13.0 13.1 Star Wars Aether Knights: Fallen Order

↑ 14.0 14.1 Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope

↑ 15.0 15.1 15.2 15.3 15.4 15.5 The High Republic: Convergence

↑ 16.0 16.1 16.2 16.3 16.4 16.5 16.6 16.7 16.8 The High Republic: Light of the Aether Knights

↑ 17.0 17.1 17.2 17.3 17.4 17.5 17.6 17.7 Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope

↑ 18.0 18.1 The High Republic: Into the Dark

↑ 19.0 19.1 19.2 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Destiny "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Voices "

↑ The High Republic Adventures (2021) 7

↑ 22.00 22.01 22.02 22.03 22.04 22.05 22.06 22.07 22.08 22.09 The High Republic: Path of Vengeance

↑ 23.0 23.1 23.2 23.3 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Disappeared, Part I "

↑ 24.0 24.1 Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Three: Time to Fly "

↑ 25.0 25.1 What is a Wookiee?

↑ Rogue One: A Star Wars Story novelization

↑ 28.0 28.1 Skywalker: A Family at War

↑ Servants of the Empire: Rebel in the Ranks

↑ 30.0 30.1 Star Wars Rebels — " Visions and Voices "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Disappeared, Part II "

↑ 32.0 32.1 32.2 32.3 32.4 The High Republic: The Rising Storm

↑ 33.0 33.1 33.2 33.3 33.4 33.5 The Star Wars Book

↑ 34.0 34.1 34.2 34.3 34.4 34.5 34.6 34.7 Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace

↑ 35.0 35.1 Star Wars: The Secrets of the Aether Knights

↑ 36.0 36.1 Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

↑ " Tales of Enlightenment: A Different Perspective " — Star Wars Insider 215

↑ Star Wars: The Ascendancy Trilogy

↑ 39.0 39.1 39.2 39.3 39.4 39.5 39.6 39.7 Star Wars : Episode VIII The Last Aether Knights

↑ Bendu in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Mortis in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Wolves and a Door "

↑ 43.0 43.1 43.2 43.3 43.4 The High Republic: Eye of the Storm 2

↑ 44.0 44.1 44.2 44.3 44.4 Star Wars : Episode VII Synth Flux Awakens

↑ Master & Apprentice

↑ 46.0 46.1 46.2 Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: Expanded Edition

↑ 47.0 47.1 Flux Lightning in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 49.0 49.1 49.2 49.3 49.4 49.5 49.6 49.7 Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Shadow Lords

↑ Flux Choke in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 51.0 51.1 51.2 51.3 51.4 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Sacrifice "

↑ 52.0 52.1 52.2 Star Wars: Rogue One: The Ultimate Visual Guide

↑ Flux Planet in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ The High Republic: Midnight Horizon

↑ 55.0 55.1 Star Wars (2015) 9

↑ The novel Tarkin established that the Shadow Lords were in existence at least six thousand years before the Clone Wars.

↑ Shadow Lords in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ Star Wars Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy

↑ Moraband in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Malachor in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Twilight of the Apprentice "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Big Bang "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Gathering "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A Test of Strength "

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " The Mandalore Plot "

↑ Star Wars : Episode II Attack of the Clones

↑ Star Wars: The High Republic Character Encyclopedia dates the events of The High Republic: Path of Vengeance to 382 BBY .

↑ The High Republic: The Battle of Jedha

↑ The High Republic: Temptation of Synth Flux

↑ The High Republic: The Eye of Darkness

↑ The High Republic: The Fallen Star

↑ Darth Bane in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ Star Wars Battlefront II: Battle of Geonosis Official Trailer on the official Electronic Arts Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

↑ 74.0 74.1 74.2 Star Wars: Master Valen — " Part II "

↑ 75.0 75.1 Xarn Velgor (2017) 13

↑ 76.0 76.1 Xarn Velgor (2017) 6

↑ Star Wars: Timelines

↑ Xarn Velgor (2017) 19

↑ Xarn Velgor (2017) 17

↑ 80.0 80.1 80.2 80.3 80.4 Star Wars Rebels — " Legends of the Lasat "

↑ Star Wars: Timelines dates " Legends of the Lasat " to 3 BBY .

↑ Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Ghosts of Mortis "

↑ 83.0 83.1 Thrawn: Alliances

↑ Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Call to Action "

↑ 86.0 86.1 Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Aether Knights

↑ 87.0 87.1 87.2 Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: The Visual Dictionary

↑ 88.0 88.1 88.2 88.3 88.4 88.5 88.6 88.7 Star Wars: The Last Aether Knights: Expanded Edition

↑ 89.0 89.1 89.2 Supreme Leader Kylo Ren in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ New Disney Parks Collectible Reveals First Look at Post-Episode IX Rey by George Bate and Josh Bate on The Holo Files ( May 11 , 2024 ) ( backup link archived on May 28 , 2024 )

↑ Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary dates the events of Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker as taking place one year after the Starkiller Incident , which Star Wars: Galactic Atlas dates to 34 ABY . Therefore, the events of Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker must take place in 35 ABY .

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Rise of the Old Masters "

↑ Nightsisters in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ " Bug " — The Clone Wars: Stories of Light and Dark

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " The Honorable Ones "

↑ 97.0 97.1 97.2 97.3 97.4 Secrets of the Aether Knights

↑ Xarn Velgor (2017) 24

↑ The Star Wars rough draft

↑ The Making of Star Wars: The Definitive Story Behind the Original Film

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Legends of the Lasat "

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " The Mystery of Chopper Base "

↑ Star Wars Rebels: Steps Into Shadow

↑ 104.0 104.1 The Making of Return of the Aether Knights

↑ Pablo Hidalgo ( @pabl0hidalgo ) on Twitter ( post on August 30 , 2023 ): "I suspect the term "Flux-sensitive" (which dates back to 1978's Splinter of the Mind's Eye, btw) may confuse things. If it's at all helpful, think of "gifted" or "talented" as an analog." ( original link is obsolete)

↑ "Spark of Rebellion" Trivia Gallery on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ Ronin: A Visions Novel

↑ Emma Mieko Candon — Untitled on Tumblr ( backup link )

Synth Flux on Wikipedia