Alderaan

The High Republic: Path of Deceit , The High Republic: Light of the Jedi , The High Republic: Midnight Horizon , The High Republic: Into the Light , Mace Windu: The Glass Abyss , Queen's Hope , Queen's Shadow , Reign of the Empire: The Mask of Fear , The Song of Winter's Heart , Jedi: Battle Scars , Part I , Part VI , Leia, Princess of Alderaan , Eclipse , Verge of Greatness , Shu-Torun Lives , Star Wars (2020) 40 , The Princess and the Scoundrel , Halcyon Legacy 4 , Very Interesting, As an Astrogation Problem , Dawn of Rebellion , Star Wars: The Rebel Files , Star Wars: The Galactic Explorer's Guide , Core Worlds, Colonies, the Inner Rim and Expansion Region , Star Wars: Dawn of Rebellion: The Visual Guide , Star Wars: The Rise and Fall of the Galactic Empire , Star Wars Bestiary, Vol. 1: Creatures of the Galaxy , Star Wars: Galactic Atlas: Updated Edition

Please update the article to include missing information, and remove this template when finished.

Alderaan , located in the Core Worlds , was a terrestrial planet covered with mountains . During the waning decades of the Galactic Republic , it was ruled by Queen Breha Organa and represented in the Galactic Senate by her husband, Senator Bail Prestor Organa . Alderaan was regarded for its natural beauty, its tranquility, and the sophistication of its arts and culture.

Following the rise of Sheev Palpatine's Galactic Empire , Alderaan played a pivotal role in the establishment of the Rebel Alliance , a movement that sought to restore the Old Republic's values, and was one of its earliest supporters. Because of its ties with the Alliance, the planet was destroyed when Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin decided to test the superlaser of the Death Star , a moon -sized battle station developed by the Empire, at full strength. Among the few survivors of that disaster was Princess Leia Organa , adopted daughter of Bail and Breha Organa and heiress to the royal house of Alderaan .

2 History 2.1 The Old Republic 2.2 The Clone Wars 2.3 Age of the Empire 2.4 Destruction 2.5 Legacy

2.3 Age of the Empire

5 Appearances 5.1 Non-canon appearances

5.1 Non-canon appearances

7 Notes and references

Alderaan's snow-capped mountains.

From space , the planet of Alderaan, located in the star system of the same name [ 3 ] within the galaxy 's Core Worlds , [ 1 ] appeared as a blue-green orb enveloped in a white web of clouds. [ 9 ] Its surface had vast bodies of water [ 3 ] and was covered in snow-capped mountains , [ 9 ] with patches of green grassy hills. [ 31 ] Alderaan was known to the galaxy as "the planet of beauty." [ 23 ] Alderaanians were very artistic and lived for this beauty, but the planet still hid treacherous cliffs and forgotten crevasses. [ 32 ] Famous natural landmarks of Alderaan included the Cloudshape Falls , [ 12 ] the Glarus Lagoons , [ 11 ] and the Isatabith rain forest . [ 12 ]

A variety of grapevines grew on Alderaan, which notably allowed to produce Toniray [ 29 ] and emerald wine . [ 33 ] The local fauna included the Alderaanian wolf-cat , [ 20 ] nerfs , [ 22 ] and a species of white-winged bird . [ 29 ]

The cities on Alderaan were carefully designed to respect the natural beauty of their environment. [ 1 ] For example, the palace of the royal family, which had been the work of over a millennium, [ 11 ] and the city around it blended into the local snow-capped peaks. Alderaanian architecture made use of white synthstone , which inspired the architecture of certain mining economies of the Outer Rim Territories , like the floating colony of Cloud City , and the planets Lothal and Garel . [ 1 ]

Despite the lyrics of the traditional Alderaanian lullaby " Mirrorbright " referencing a moon, the planet never possessed any natural satellites. [ 29 ]

The peaceful world of Alderaan was among the oldest members of the Galactic Republic , [ 34 ] the democratic union that governed most of the galaxy, [ 35 ] and was among the worlds that originally founded it. [ 36 ] Upon the formation of its monarchy it was established that the heir apparent to Alderaan must complete a Challenge of the Heart , Challenge of the Mind and Challenge of the Body which would be announced on their Day of Demand and upon completion they would be officially invested as heir. In ancient times, Alderaanian heirs who partook in their Day of Demand had to fight their way into the palace throne room. [ 11 ] Before they permanently settled on Coruscant, the Jedi High Council was known to have a council on Alderaan. [ 37 ] Alderaan at one point had a neo-classical period , which produced unique architecture. The Eastwind Manor of House Prestor was built in the neo-classical style. [ 38 ]

Figuring that she would like the world, Yana Ro wished to visit Alderaan after the Night of Sorrow and finally breaking her ties with the Path of the Open Hand cult. Ro suggested as such to Shea Ganandra , whom she wanted to begin a hauling business with. [ 39 ] During the High Republic Era , Alderaan was a prosperous world and, as a signatory of the Republic Defense Coalition treaties , was required to lend starships and personnel to be commanded by Republic military officers during times of crisis. These ships and personnel would then be returned to Alderaan after the crisis ended. Alderaan was called upon to fulfill this obligation in 232 BBY , [ 40 ] to aid the Republic in fighting the Nihil , a group of marauders who caused the Great Hyperspace Disaster . [ 41 ]

At some point between 40 BBY [ 42 ] and 28 BBY , [ 43 ] the heir apparent of Alderaan, sixteen year old Princess Breha Organa , took part in her Day of Demand where she announced her challenges of the heart, mind and body. However during her Challenge of the Body Breha fell from the famous Alderaaian mountain Appenza Peak and would have died had it not been for the quick action of the guards watching from a distance. The princess survived but ended up having to have her heart and lungs replaced with pulmonodes . After her fall Breha was officially invested as crown princess and heir to the throne of Alderaan. Years later the people would still speak of Breha's accident. [ 11 ]

Breha Organa eventually succeeded her mother [ 11 ] as queen of Alderaan. [ 9 ]

By the time of the Invasion of Naboo , Alderaan had not seen conflict in generations. [ 44 ] The planet was represented in the Galactic Senate by Senator Bail Antilles . That year , the then- Supreme Chancellor of the Republic, Finis Valorum , was ousted from office, and Antilles was nominated for the position in the resulting election. However, the Alderaanian senator was defeated by Senator Sheev Palpatine , who represented the sovereign system of Naboo . [ 45 ]

In 28 BBY, [ 46 ] former queen of Naboo Senator Padmé Amidala and her entourage were invited to Alderaan by Queen Breha and stayed at the royal palace for a week before returning home to Naboo . [ 44 ]

Aldera , the planet's capital.

Ten years later, Alderaan was represented in the Senate by Viceroy Bail Prestor Organa , [ 47 ] the prince consort of the planet's ruler, Queen Breha Organa. [ 9 ] At that time, the Republic was facing a secessionist crisis due to the existence of the Confederacy of Independent Systems led by Count Dooku , pushing the galaxy to the brink of war. Through Organa, Alderaan was a member of Chancellor Palpatine's Loyalist Committee , which concerned itself with the stability of the Republic during the Separatist crisis and would later strive to limit Palpatine's increasing executive authority. That year, an army of clones was discovered on the planet Kamino , which would be appropriated by the Senate in order to combat the Separatists. To save the Republic from the impending threat, the Supreme Chancellor was granted emergency powers, a decision that was contrary to the pacifist values of Alderaan and its representative and which ultimately led to the outbreak of the Clone Wars . [ 47 ] During the Clone Wars Viceroy Bail Organa became Alderaan's military leader. [ 11 ]

Alderaan Refugee Conference during the Clone Wars.

At some point during the Clone Wars, Alderaan hosted a conference concerned with aiding war refugees . Padmé Amidala, then senator of Naboo, was nearly assassinated during the conference when the Hutt crime lord Ziro , whom Amidala had sent to prison , hired the bounty hunter Aurra Sing to take revenge. The plot, however, was thwarted by the Jedi apprentice Ahsoka Tano . [ 31 ] Many refugees from all over the Republic came to stay on Alderaan during the war to find their way again or to stay. [ 32 ]

Queen Breha and Viceroy Bail would send aid to worlds that had been ravaged by the Separatists, sending not just money and supplies but also doctors , teachers , architects , builders, medics , and droids . [ 32 ]

Around the time of the Battle of Kadavo , two Alderaanian tourists visiting Tatooine died in a speeder-bike accident. The Zygerrian News implied that the two had gotten intoxicated in the cantina of Mos Eisley , which caused the accident. [ 48 ]

The Clone Wars saw a change in Alderaan. Although it was still a peaceful planet with no large weaponry, the Royal Alderaan Civil Fleet had "more teeth ," their officers had seen more hardship, they manufactured more practical items in larger quantities, and the planet had begun to quietly fill up due to the number of refugees. [ 32 ]

Following the end of the Clone Wars, Viceroy Bail and Queen Breha adopted Leia Amidala Skywalker , the daughter of the now deceased Padmé Amidala and former Jedi Knight turned Sith Lord Anakin Skywalker , renaming her to Leia Organa and making her princess of Alderaan. [ 9 ] Leia's adoption was announced on her Name Day three or four days after her birth and was publicly celebrated on Alderaan. [ 11 ]

Age of the Empire [ ]

The Tantive III lands in Aldera in 19 BBY , right after the end of the Clone Wars.

The Alderaan Trade Alliance was an organization active during the Imperial Era . [ 50 ] In 3 BBY , [ 51 ] Leia Organa took part in her Day of Demand and after completing her three challenges became invested as crown princess and the future queen of Alderaan. [ 11 ]

With the Clone Wars coming to an end, Chancellor Palpatine had abolished the Republic, establishing the Galactic Empire in its stead. [ 9 ] However, a small number of systems rebelled against this new regime, [ 3 ] and the Alliance to Restore the Republic was ultimately formed by Bail Organa and his former colleague in the Galactic Senate, Senator Mon Mothma of Chandrila . [ 52 ] During this time, Alderaan became the Alliance's main source of munitions. The planet's crown princess and representative in the Imperial Senate , Princess Leia Organa, [ 3 ] began using her diplomatic immunity as an Imperial senator to carry out Rebel missions in restricted Imperial systems. [ 52 ] [ 53 ]

During the Galactic Civil War , Alderaan was listed as an Alliance safe world . It was included in a map of the galaxy with a legend listing the various Alliance safe worlds, starfighter hubs at level five or higher, rebel operations sectors and regional headquarters, and shadow planets with deep space caches. The map would later be incorporated into The Rebel Files . [ 54 ]

About three years before the Battle of Yavin , [ 55 ] Senator Bail Organa dispatched three Sphyrna -class Hammerhead corvettes to the Phoenix Cell , which has sustained losses while fleeing Garel. Since Alderaan could not be seen directly supporting the rebels, Senator Organa arranged for his adopted daughter Leia to deliver the vessels to Lothal. The Alderaanians risked losing their seat in the Imperial Senate among other Imperial sanctions. Senator Organa had arranged for the crew of the Ghost to "steal" the ships from an Imperial depot on Lothal so that Alderaan could not be blamed for the "theft." With the help of the crew of the Ghost and the former Governor Ryder Azadi , Leia managed to deliver the three Hammerhead corvettes to the Phoenix rebels following a skirmish at the Imperial depot. [ 53 ]

In 1 BBY , [ 56 ] shortly before the Battle of Scarif , and three weeks prior to the equinox festivities, [ 5 ] Senator Bail Organa headed towards Alderaan to tell their people that there would "be no peace," [ 57 ] after the plans for the Death Star , a planet-killing Imperial superlaser , were discovered. The plans were later stolen from the data vault on Scarif , and transferred aboard the Tantive IV . Princess Leia of Alderaan, Bail's adopted daughter and thus member of the Elder Houses was captured by the Imperial Navy while smuggling the plans to the Alliance base. Organa was taken prisoner by Vader, the Emperor's second-in-command, and brought before the Death Star's commanding officer, Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin . [ 3 ]

The Death Star fires on Alderaan.

Under threat of destroying her planet, Leia gave a fake location of the rebel base to Tarkin, only for Tarkin to nevertheless destroy Alderaan—noting that Dantooine was too remote for an "effective demonstration" [ 3 ] —to punish the world for supporting the Rebellion, [ 58 ] hoping the annihilation of the entire world would make the rest of the galaxy fear Imperial retribution for supporting the Rebels. The Imperials forced the princess to witness the obliteration of her home planet. The planet's destruction left only an asteroid field behind, [ 3 ] which was blockaded by the Empire. [ 59 ]

On Coruscant , the Empire's planetary capital , the numerous Alderaanian residents of Level 3204 began to hold vigils for those who had perished in what they called " the Disaster ." However, as more information became available about the Empire's role in the destruction of Alderaan, the vigils soon turned into riots, which were quickly repressed by brute force. [ 17 ] The Empire defended the destruction of the planet to its military , claiming that its population had chosen its destruction by supporting anarchy. [ 58 ] A short time after Alderaan's destruction, the Death Star was destroyed in the Battle of Yavin, taking Tarkin [ 3 ] and many other high ranking Imperials with it. [ 60 ]

Under the orders of Vader, the Imperial Military was to "complete" the destruction of Alderaan by hunting any remaining Alderaanians. [ 58 ] Almost immediately after the Death Star's destruction, Leia Organa would embark on a mission to rescue the survivors of Alderaan from Imperial reprisals. [ 61 ] Also following the Battle of Yavin, Vader took the remains of Alderaan to serve as reminders to worlds that attempted to resist the Emperor; following an assassination attempt on himself at Shu-Torun , Vader then gave Trios , the new Queen of that planet, one of these reminders. [ 62 ] Finding himself the last of House Glorio , Rabael Dir Glorio , who had also been 26th in line to the throne, tried to have his own revenge on the Empire but was left behind and for dead by a crew working for the Son-tuul Pride . [ 63 ]

In 4 ABY , Leia married Han Solo on the forest moon of Endor . Due to the destruction of Alderaan, Leia's mother, Breha Organa, couldn't attach the Rhindon Sword to her waist before Leia went to meet her husband, though, during the ceremony , Leia felt as if her mother was attaching the sword and her father, Bail Organa, was kissing her on the cheek. After the ceremony, Leia mused to herself that had Alderaan not been destroyed she would have been married at the cathedral in Aldera, with a customary lace dress, an hour dedicated to the bell service, three different traditional meals with guests of rank, and more. [ 10 ]

By 5 ABY , a flotilla of starships orbited the Alderaanian Graveyard , the new name for the debris remaining of the planet. Princess Leia managed to use her political connections to take scrap from the Death Star, initially intended for incineration, to be used to construct a new space station around the planet. [ 59 ] A dedicated Alderaan Memorial was also established on Coruscant. [ 64 ]

By the time of the New Republic , Alderaan's destruction would become a stark reminder for future generations about the terrors of the Galactic Empire, and would often be an 'uncomfortable subject' for those that brought up the planet's destruction in conversation. As such, surviving Alderaanians would be treated with great respect for their lost world and people. For collectors, rare bottles of the alcoholic beverage Toniray would become a highly-prized commodity. [ 29 ]

Alderaanians valued culture and education.

Alderaan hosted a population of humans , known as Alderaanians, who were known for their philosophy of paciﬁsm. Even in time of galactic conflicts, the Alderaanians shunned weapons. They were not, however, bereft of spirit, as many of them chose to join the rebellion against the Galactic Empire. Their society was ruled by the House of Organa , [ 26 ] in conjunction with an individual bearing the titles of Viceroy and First Chairman . [ 65 ] The female child of the royal couple was referred to as a princess. [ 3 ] For diplomatic missions, the Royal Family used streamlined cruisers. [ 66 ]

According to Nash Windrider , on Alderaan, its people were encouraged to learn and grow. All education was free, and people would volunteer to teach various skills or crafts just for fun. [ 12 ] Queen Breha herself served as the minister of education , [ 18 ] and personally mentored a select number of young Alderaanians, including Evaan Verlaine , teaching them about the culture and heritage of their homeworld. [ 61 ]

Alderaan also had a number of traditions involving braids such as who wore them, when and why that varied from continent to continent and age to age. The Alderaaian monarch was expected to wear braids. [ 11 ]

Every child of Alderaan owned a keepsake chest whose designs would be carved by the child's parents and grandparents though the child themselves choose what went inside. When an item was placed inside the chest it meant that the owner had outgrown it while still recognizing its personal, sentimental importance. In adulthood, an Alderaanian could then open their chest, look back, and see how they had chosen to tell their own story. [ 29 ] It was traditional for the owner of the chest, upon coming of age, to give it to their parents as a sign that they were now an adult, although it was not mandatory. Many heirs of Alderaan would give up their keepsake chest before their investiture as crown prince or princess though the ritual didn't demand it. [ 11 ]

Behind the scenes [ ]

Alderaan first appeared in Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope , the seminal movie of the Star Wars saga. In that movie, the planet was only seen from space during the scene depicting its destruction. [ 3 ] In the treatment , rough draft , second draft , and third draft of what would become A New Hope , the name of Alderaan was used for the capital of the "New Galactic Empire." At that time, it was described as a giant gas planet that resembled Bespin , with a city that resembled Cloud City on it. In the second draft of A New Hope , the home planet of Princess Leia was called Ogana Major . Aquilae , Utapau , and Ophuchi were also considered as names for worlds partially corresponding to Alderaan. [ 68 ]

Following the success of A New Hope , a full ancillary world was being built around the movie. In order to get everyone on the same page, George Lucas decided to create a few background stories and ideas. In those notes, Alderaan was described as a four or five million years old Earth-like planet, covered with high snowcapped mountains and green pastures. The same notes also described the planet as being the capital of its star system and possessing its own Senate. [ 67 ] In canon , the surface of Alderaan only made its first appearance in the 2005 movie Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Sith . [ 9 ] The planet's mountainous terrain was modelled after a location in the Swiss Alps . [ 69 ]

In the 2018 reference book Star Wars: The Rebel Files , Alderaan was mistakenly depicted as being in the Colonies instead of the Core Worlds. [ 54 ]

" The Queen's Bloom " — The High Republic: Tales of Light and Life (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Convergence (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Path of Deceit (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Path of Vengeance (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Into the Dark (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Light of the Jedi (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic Adventures — The Monster of Temple Peak 2 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: The Rising Storm (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Out of the Shadows (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The High Republic: Midnight Horizon (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

The High Republic: Into the Light (and audiobook )

The High Republic: A Valiant Vow (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Master & Apprentice (and audiobook )

Jedi Knights 3 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

The Living Force (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Queen's Peril (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Battlefront II (Mentioned only)

Mace Windu: The Glass Abyss (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Queen's Shadow (and audiobook )

Inquisitor: Rise of the Red Blade (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Queen's Hope (and audiobook ) (Picture only)

" The Failing of the Light " — Star Wars Insider 233 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Supply Lines " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Lightsaber Lost " (Mentioned in datascreen )

Catalyst: A Rogue One Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Lethal Trackdown " (Appears in travel advertisement )

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Assassin "

" Intermission, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 12 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Unexpected Company "

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Pursuit of Peace " (Picture only)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Ghosts of Mortis " (Vision to Anakin Skywalker)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Fugitive " (Mentioned in datascreen)

Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Sith

Star Wars: Tales of the Jedi — " Resolve " (Mentioned only)

Darth Vader (2017) 10 (Mentioned only) (In Aurebesh text)

Reign of the Empire: The Mask of Fear (and audiobook )

Ahsoka (and audiobook )

" So Much More " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2019

Thrawn (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Darth Vader (2017) 19 (Mentioned only)

Darth Vader (2017) 20 (Mentioned only)

" The Song of Winter's Heart " — Life Day Treasury

Most Wanted (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Rebel Rising (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Jedi: Battle Scars (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

A New Dawn (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Obi-Wan Kenobi — " Part I "

Star Wars: Obi-Wan Kenobi — " Part II " (Indirect mention only)

Obi-Wan Kenobi 2 (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: Obi-Wan Kenobi — " Part III " (Mentioned only)

Obi-Wan Kenobi 3 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Obi-Wan Kenobi — " Part IV " (Mentioned only)

Obi-Wan Kenobi 4 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Obi-Wan Kenobi — " Part V " (Mentioned only)

Obi-Wan Kenobi 5 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Obi-Wan Kenobi — " Part VI "

Han Solo & Chewbacca 8 (Mentioned only)

Lost Stars (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Andor — " Daughter of Ferrix " (Mentioned only)

Ezra's Gamble (Mentioned only)

The Rebellion Begins (Mentioned only)

Droids in Distress chapter book (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels , Vol. 2

Star Wars Rebels — " Blood Sisters " (Mentioned only)

Leia, Princess of Alderaan (and audiobook )

Leia Organa: Ordeal of the Princess

Star Wars Rebels — " A Princess on Lothal " (Mentioned only)

" The Line of Duty " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 26 (Mentioned only)

" The Grand Imperial Jubilee " — A New Legacy 1

Star Wars Rebels — " Through Imperial Eyes " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Andor — " Welcome to the Rebellion " (Mentioned only)

" The Voice of the Empire " — Star Wars Insider 170 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 2 ) (Mentioned only)

Vader Immortal – Episode I (Appears in hologram)

Star Wars Adventures (2017) 25 (Mentioned only)

Rogue One: A Star Wars Story (Mentioned only)

Rogue One: A Star Wars Story novelization (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Rogue One: A Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Raymus " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Age of Rebellion - Grand Moff Tarkin 1

Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope (First appearance)

A New Hope: The Princess, the Scoundrel, and the Farm Boy (and audiobook )

Star Wars: A New Hope junior novelization

A New Hope Read-Along Storybook and CD

A Leader Named Leia (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Original Trilogy – A Graphic Novel

Star Wars: Heroes Path

" The Bucket " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Princess Leia vs. Darth Vader - A Fearless Leader " (Mentioned only)

" The Hero's Journey Begins " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" An Incident Report " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Change of Heart " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" The Secrets of Long Snoot " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" A Bad Feeling About This " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" Verge of Greatness " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Eclipse " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Laina " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Trigger " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Bump " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Palpatine " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Contingency Plan " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Sparks " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Desert Son " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Grounded " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Battlefront II: Inferno Squad (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" By Whatever Sun " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Princess Leia 1 (Mentioned only)

" The Angle " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Smuggler's Run: A Han Solo & Chewbacca Adventure (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Adventures: Smuggler's Run 2 (Mentioned only)

Age of Rebellion - Han Solo 1 (Mentioned only)

" One Thousand Levels Down " — Star Wars Insider 151 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 1 ) (Mentioned only)

Princess Leia 2 (In flashback(s))

Princess Leia 5 (Mentioned only)

Heir to the Jedi (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Weapon of a Jedi: A Luke Skywalker Adventure (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 2 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Annual (2015) 1 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra: An Audiobook Original (Mentioned only)

Darth Vader Annual 1 (Remains only)

Darth Vader (2015) 13 (Mentioned only)

Darth Vader (2015) 14 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 19 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 26 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Annual (2015) 2 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 3 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 33 (Mentioned only)

" The Trouble at Tibrin " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 4 (Mentioned only)

" Shu-Torun Lives " — Star Wars (2015) 50 (Remains only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 15 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 38 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 39 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 41 (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars (2015) 43 (Mentioned only)

The Last Jedi – The Storms of Crait 1 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Star Wars (2015) 44 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 49 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 50 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 51 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 58 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 59 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 66 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 67 (Mentioned only)

Hyperspace Stories 2 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 68 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2015) 69 (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars (2015) 70 (Mentioned only)

" A Matter Of Perception " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 22 (Indirect mention only)

Battlefront: Twilight Company (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Empire Strikes Back: So You Want to Be a Jedi? (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" Rogue Two " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" Heroes of the Rebellion " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Beyond Hope " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Final Order " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Lord Vader Will See You Now " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

" STET! " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Into the Clouds " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Witness " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 2 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2020) 18 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 21 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 24 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Outlaws (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 21 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Revelations (2022) 1 (Mentioned only) (Vision to Darth Vader)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 31 (Mentioned only)

Bounty Hunters 33 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 40 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2020) 44 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 45 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 46 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 47 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 48 (Appears in dream)

Star Wars (2020) 49 (Mentioned only)

Darth Vader (2020) 50 (Mentioned only)

Moving Target: A Princess Leia Adventure (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Age of Rebellion - Princess Leia 1 (Mentioned only)

" Trooper Trouble " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Dune Sea Songs of Salt and Moonlight " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Return of the Jedi: Beware the Power of the Dark Side! (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Satisfaction " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Chronicler " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

TIE Fighter 1 (In flashback(s))

The Princess and the Scoundrel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Adventures: Shadow of Vader's Castle (In flashback(s))

Shattered Empire 2 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Uprising (Mentioned only)

Alphabet Squadron (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Aftermath (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Shadow Fall: An Alphabet Squadron Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Aftermath: Life Debt (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Victory's Price: An Alphabet Squadron Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Aftermath: Empire's End (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Last Shot (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Mandalorian Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Mandalorian: The Manga , Vol. 4 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 8: Redemption " (Mentioned only)

The Mandalorian 8 (Mentioned only)

The Mandalorian Season 2 Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 12: The Siege " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 15: The Believer " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 16: The Rescue " (Mentioned only)

The Mandalorian: The Rescue (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Skeleton Crew — " Very Interesting, As an Astrogation Problem " (Mentioned only)

Age of Resistance - Rose Tico 1 (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars (2020) 50 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Bloodline (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Legends of Luke Skywalker (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Galactic Tales: The Crimson Corsair and the Sinister Secret of the Binary Star " — Star Wars Insider 234 (Appears in hallucination)

Before the Awakening (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Force Collector (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Age of Resistance - General Hux 1 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron Annual 2 (In flashback(s))

The Last Jedi: Cobalt Squadron (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Join the Resistance: Escape from Vodran (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: The Force Awakens novelization (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Force Awakens: A Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Rules of the Game " — Canto Bight (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Hear Nothing, See Nothing, Say Nothing " — Canto Bight (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Wine in Dreams " — Canto Bight (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Ride " — Canto Bight (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Episode VIII The Last Jedi (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Last Jedi: A Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Allegiance 1 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Datapad (Mentioned only)

Halcyon Legacy 4 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

" Tales from Wild Space: Family Affair, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 10 (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars : Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: Expanded Edition (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: A Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Non-canon appearances [ ]

" Imperial Spaghetti! " — LEGO Star Wars 1 (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Mission to Mos Eisley " (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga (Remains only)

"Dooku Captured" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Jedi Crash" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"Escape from Kadavo" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link ) ( Trivia Gallery , slide 5)

Alderaan in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Bail Organa in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Captain Antilles in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Death Star in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Darth Vader

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Darth Vader Databank A-Z: Ask Aak–Stass Allie

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Darth Vader Weapons & Uniforms: Imperial High Command

" Classic Moment: Lando's Second Surprise " — Star Wars Insider 152

" Blaster " — Star Wars Insider 152

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Stormtrooper Highlights of the Saga: A Daring Rescue

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-3PO

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-3PO Highlights of the Saga: Escape to Tatooine

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-3PO Weapons & Uniforms: Droid Servants

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Gunner

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Gunner Databank A-Z: Cosians–Dagobah

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Gunner Helmets: Imperial Gunner

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Gunner Highlights of the Saga: The Death Star

Sabine My Rebel Sketchbook

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Aurra Sing - Bounty Hunter

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Bail Organa - Galactic Senate

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: BoShek - Cantina Patron

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Captain Antilles - Tantive IV Captain

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Grand Moff Tarkin - Galactic Empire

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Greedo - Bounty Hunter

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Han Solo - Corellian Smuggler

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Princess Leia Organa - Alderaan Senator

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Clone Pilot Databank A-Z: Moraband–Muftak

Star Wars: Build the Millennium Falcon 18 Starship Fact File: Tantive IV 's Interior Layout

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper Helmets: Rebel Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper Highlights of the Saga: The Capture of the Tantive IV

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Leaders of the Rebel Alliance

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Naboo Pilot Databank A-Z: Poe Dameron–Delta 7-B

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Commando Weapons & Uniforms: Princess Leia Organa

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Y-wing Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: Yavin Base

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

Star Wars: Build the Millennium Falcon 42 Guide to the Galaxy: Planets and Moons

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Utapau Clone Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Utapau Clone Trooper Databank A-Z: Kyber Crystals–Laser Cannons

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Utapau Clone Trooper Highlights of the Saga: Escape from Utapau

Star Wars: The Force Awakens: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Death Star Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Death Star Trooper Highlights of the Saga: Alderaan Survives!

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Death Star Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Citizens of Alderaan

Carcassonne: Star Wars

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Hoth Rebel Soldier Databank A-Z: Kel Dor–Ki-Adi-Mundi

Star Wars Character Encyclopedia: Updated and Expanded

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Phasma Databank A-Z: OOM-9–Viceroy Bail Organa

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Flametrooper Databank A-Z: Leia Organa

Star Wars: The Force Awakens Beginner Game

Star Wars: Complete Locations

Star Wars: X-Wing Deluxe Book and Model Set

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jess Pava Databank A-Z: Luke Skywalker–Han Solo

Star Wars Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy

Star Wars: Galactic Atlas

Much to Learn You Still Have: 7 Things You Might Not Know About Sullustans on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper Databank A-Z: Providence -class–Raxus

Princess Leia: Royal Rebel

Entertainment Weekly's Ultimate Guide to Rogue One

Star Wars: Rogue One: Rebel Dossier

Star Wars: Rogue One: The Ultimate Visual Guide

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Nien Nunb Databank A-Z: Tantive IV –Tatooine

Star Wars: Build Your Own R2-D2 2 Droid Directory: 3PO-series Protocol Droids, Part 1

Star Wars: Build Your Own R2-D2 4 Droid Directory: 3PO-series Protocol Droids, Part 2

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds Weapons & Uniforms: Aurra Sing (Picture only)

Darth Vader: Sith Lord

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Galactic Marine

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Galactic Marine Databank A-Z: Vulptex–Wampas

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Galactic Marine Weapons & Uniforms: The Jedi Purge

Star Wars: The Visual Encyclopedia

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jek Porkins Weapons & Uniforms: Rebel Leaders at Yavin 4

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Ground Crew Weapons & Uniforms: Rogue One Commandos

Star Wars Super Graphic: A Visual Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Merrick Weapons & Uniforms: Blue Squadron

Star Wars: On the Front Lines

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest Databank A-Z: Grand Master Yoda

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded

Star Wars Helmet Collection : B-wing Pilot Databank A-Z: Vibroblades–Cikatro Vizago

Star Wars: Geektionary: The Galaxy from A - Z

Star Wars: The Rebel Files

The Last Jedi: Bomber Command

Star Wars Bust Collection : Darth Vader Behind the Cameras: How the Death Star Was Created

Star Wars Encyclopedia of Starfighters and Other Vehicles

Star Wars: Force Collection (Card: Leia Organa (★))

Solo: A Star Wars Story The Official Guide

Star Wars: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious

Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide

Star Wars Character Encyclopedia, New Edition

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts : The Death Star on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars: How Not to Get Eaten by Ewoks and Other Galactic Survival Skills

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75243 Slave I - 20th Anniversary Edition )

Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition

Rebel Starfighters Owners' Workshop Manual

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Huge Ship Conversion Kit Card: Alderaanian Guard — CR90 Corellian Corvette Reissued in Tantive IV Expansion Pack

Star Wars: The Galactic Explorer's Guide

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars: Dark Side Rising

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Cast "

Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge: Traveler's Guide to Batuu

" Millennium Falcon " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Imperial Troops " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" R2-D2 " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: The Lightsaber Collection

" The Battle of Hoth and the Second Death Star " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" The Final Order and the Battle of Exegol " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" C-3PO " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Star Wars: The Mandalorian Season One Companion " — Star Wars Insider 201

Star Wars: The Mandalorian : Guide to Season One

Star Wars Inside Intel: The Death Star on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Sith

Star Wars: Battles that Changed the Galaxy

Star Wars: The Mandalorian Handbook

Star Wars Droids Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

" Pilots of the Rebel Alliance " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Crime and Punishment " — Star Wars Insider 209

Star Wars Inside Intel: Coruscant on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

Fight | Obi-Wan Kenobi | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

" Core Worlds, Colonies, the Inner Rim and Expansion Region " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars Full Circle : Obi-Wan Kenobi on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

This Week! in Star Wars Obi-Wan Kenobi Props, LEGO Star Wars Summer Vacation, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Monopoly: Star Wars Dark Side Edition

Star Wars : Best of 2022 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars 100 Objects

" The Young Princess " — Star Wars Insider 218

Star Wars Kids: Relax : Starship Spotting with Leia and Lola on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

SDCC 2023: 10 Reveals from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Ultimate Cookbook

Star Wars: Dawn of Rebellion: The Visual Guide

5 Behind-the-Pages Secrets of Star Wars: Dawn of Rebellion on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Valentine's Day Gift Guide 2024 on StarWars.com (content not present on current version )

Star Wars: The Rise and Fall of the Galactic Empire

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 228

" Making History: Five Years of The Mandalorian " — Star Wars Insider 228

Star Wars Bestiary, Vol. 1: Creatures of the Galaxy

Star Wars Encyclopedia: The Comprehensive Guide to the Star Wars Galaxy

Star Wars: Complete Locations, New Edition

The Costumes of Andor Season 2 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Acolyte: The Visual Guide

Andor ' s Dedra Meero and Other Sleuths Solving Mysteries in the Star Wars Galaxy on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Leia Organa and Rey Return in Star Wars: Legacy - Exclusive Interview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: Galactic Atlas: Updated Edition

Ahsoka Tano in the Databank ( backup link )

Aldera spaceport in the Databank ( backup link )

Alderaan in the Databank ( backup link )

Alderaan Cruiser in the Databank ( backup link )

Alderaan royal speeder in the Databank ( backup link )

Alderaanian Royal guards in the Databank ( backup link )

Amilyn Holdo in the Databank ( backup link )

Aurra Sing in the Databank ( backup link )

Bail Organa in the Databank ( backup link )

BD-3000 luxury droid in the Databank ( backup link )

C-3PO (See-Threepio) in the Databank ( backup link )

Captain Antilles in the Databank ( backup link )

Chewbacca in the Databank ( backup link )

Crait Rebel base in the Databank ( backup link )

Death Star in the Databank ( backup link )

Galactic Empire in the Databank ( backup link )

General Rieekan in the Databank ( backup link )

Han Solo in the Databank ( backup link )

Lindon Javes in the Databank ( backup link )

Lola (L0-LA59) in the Databank ( backup link )

Millennium Falcon in the Databank ( backup link )

Obi-Wan Kenobi in the Databank ( backup link )

Padmé Amidala in the Databank ( backup link )

Rebel Alliance in the Databank ( backup link )

Riyo Chuchi in the Databank ( backup link )

Royal Palace of Alderaan in the Databank ( backup link )

TIE fighter in the Databank ( backup link )

X-34 Landspeeder in the Databank ( backup link )

Yavin 4 in the Databank ( backup link )

Yoda in the Databank ( backup link )

Notes and references [ ]

↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 Ultimate Star Wars

↑ Star Wars: The Galactic Explorer's Guide

↑ 3.00 3.01 3.02 3.03 3.04 3.05 3.06 3.07 3.08 3.09 3.10 3.11 3.12 3.13 3.14 3.15 Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope

↑ Star Wars: The Force Awakens Beginner Game

↑ 5.0 5.1 " Eclipse " — From a Certain Point of View

↑ A New Hope: The Princess, the Scoundrel, and the Farm Boy

↑ 7.00 7.01 7.02 7.03 7.04 7.05 7.06 7.07 7.08 7.09 7.10 7.11 7.12 7.13 7.14 Dawn of Rebellion

↑ 8.0 8.1 Star Wars Super Graphic: A Visual Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

↑ 9.00 9.01 9.02 9.03 9.04 9.05 9.06 9.07 9.08 9.09 9.10 9.11 9.12 9.13 9.14 Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Sith

↑ 10.0 10.1 The Princess and the Scoundrel

↑ 11.00 11.01 11.02 11.03 11.04 11.05 11.06 11.07 11.08 11.09 11.10 11.11 11.12 11.13 11.14 11.15 11.16 11.17 11.18 Leia, Princess of Alderaan

↑ 12.0 12.1 12.2 12.3 12.4 Lost Stars

↑ Star Wars: Obi-Wan Kenobi — " Part I "

↑ Doctor Aphra (2020) 2

↑ " Rules of the Game " — Canto Bight

↑ 17.0 17.1 " One Thousand Levels Down " — Star Wars Insider 151

↑ 18.0 18.1 Princess Leia: Royal Rebel

↑ Star Wars (2020) 24

↑ 20.0 20.1 The Empire Strikes Back: So You Want to Be a Jedi?

↑ 22.0 22.1 Moving Target: A Princess Leia Adventure

↑ 23.0 23.1 23.2 23.3 Princess Leia 2

↑ Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

↑ 26.0 26.1 Bail Organa in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ SDCC 2023: 10 Reveals from the Lucasfilm Publishing Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ Lost Stars webcomic

↑ 29.0 29.1 29.2 29.3 29.4 29.5 29.6 Bloodline

↑ " The Trigger " — From a Certain Point of View

↑ 31.0 31.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " Assassin "

↑ 32.0 32.1 32.2 32.3 Queen's Hope

↑ The Rebellion Begins

↑ Alderaan in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Galactic Republic in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars Helmet Collection : Darth Vader

↑ Star Wars Jedi Master Magazine 1

↑ Reign of the Empire: The Mask of Fear

↑ The High Republic: Path of Vengeance

↑ Star Wars: Timelines dates the events of The High Republic: Light of the Jedi to 232 BBY .

↑ The High Republic: Light of the Jedi

↑ Star Wars: Timelines places the events of Master & Apprentice in 40 BBY . Master & Apprentice also establishes that Breha was a princess , which means she became queen of Alderaan sometime after 40 BBY .

↑ Breha was Queen of Alderaan in the novel Queen's Shadow , whose events take place four years after Padmé Amidala went to Tatooine , as depicted in Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace . Since Star Wars: Galactic Atlas places The Phantom Menace in 32 BBY , it can be deduced that Breha was queen by 28 BBY .

↑ 44.0 44.1 Queen's Shadow

↑ Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace

↑ Star Wars: Timelines dates the events of Queen's Shadow to 28 BBY .

↑ 47.0 47.1 Star Wars : Episode II Attack of the Clones

↑ "Escape from Kadavo" Trivia Gallery on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Slide 5)

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Blood Sisters "

↑ Star Wars: Andor — " Daughter of Ferrix "

↑ Star Wars: Timelines

↑ 52.0 52.1 Rebel Alliance in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ 53.0 53.1 Star Wars Rebels — " A Princess on Lothal "

↑ 54.0 54.1 Star Wars: The Rebel Files

↑ Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded states that Leia Organa was 16 years old during her mission on Lothal . Since Star Wars: Galactic Atlas establishes that Organa was born in 19 BBY , the mission must take place in 3 BBY .

↑ Star Wars: Timelines

↑ Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

↑ 58.0 58.1 58.2 Star Wars: Squadrons

↑ 59.0 59.1 Aftermath: Life Debt

↑ Darth Vader (2015) 1

↑ 61.0 61.1 Princess Leia 1

↑ Darth Vader Annual 1

↑ Doctor Aphra (2016) 15

↑ Princess Leia: Royal Rebel

↑ Star Wars : Card Trader

↑ Alderaan cruiser in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

↑ 67.0 67.1 The Making of Star Wars

↑ The Making of Star Wars: The Definitive Story Behind the Original Film

↑ The Art of Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith

Alderaan on Wikipedia