Alliance to Restore the Republic

This article covers an essential topic and is in need of major additions and/or work.

Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before removing this notice.

The Alliance to Restore the Republic ( 2 BBY – 4 ABY ), commonly known as the Rebel Alliance , Alliance , and the Rebellion , was a resistance movement to oppose the rule of the Galactic Empire and to restore the Galactic Republic . The Alliance was publicly and formally declared with the Declaration of the Rebel Alliance by Senator Mon Mothma , which brought numerous rebel cells together as a common force opposed to the Empire. Indeed, the concept of a "Rebel Alliance" had its roots in smaller movements that had worked to unite disconnected cells, such as a movement secretly led by fellow Senator Bail Prestor Organa and a rebel network formed by revolutionary Luthen Rael , who received funding and aid from Mothma. Such early groups and the eventual Alliance came together from a number of unrelated rebel cells, including the crew of the Ghost and the Phoenix Cell . The Atrivis Resistance Group was one of the first cells to join what Mothma began calling " the Alliance " before the formal formation of the Alliance to Restore the Republic.

The Alliance and the cells it united were born from the overall discontent within the Empire of those who wished the Galactic Republic restored. Its efforts were by supportive senators in the Imperial Senate such as Mothma, Organa, and later, his daughter Leia Organa . Its members were citizens of the Empire or defectors from the Imperial Military , such as Jan Dodonna , Ryder Azadi , and Wedge Antilles . Founded and united by Organa and Ahsoka Tano , the early rebels were assisted by surviving Jedi , such as Kanan Jarrus , and his Padawan , Ezra Bridger . Clone Wars veterans, such as Captain Rex also assisted in the initial movement.

As opposed to waging all-out war, the Alliance waged an insurgency against the Empire, establishing small bases across the galaxy instead of controlling an entire planet. When the Alliance stole the plans for the Empire's ultimate weapon, the Death Star , and destroyed the space station in the Battle of Yavin with the help of Luke Skywalker , the tide of the war began to turn, and the Rebel threat began to prove a severe thorn in the Empire's side. The Rebellion continued to engage in battles with the Empire in the Galactic Civil War . However, under the command of Darth Vader , the Imperial forces succeeded in defeating the Alliance on Hoth , forcing the Alliance to scatter its forces in order to survive.

Eventually, the Alliance prevailed against the Empire and critically damaged it by launching an attack against the second Death Star during its construction in what would become the Battle of Endor . Not only did the Alliance manage to destroy the battle station , but the Imperial Navy was severely crippled by the loss of one of its Super Star Destroyers , and Luke Skywalker redeemed his father, Darth Vader, who killed Emperor Sheev Palpatine , before dying himself in the battle.

The Alliance was soon reorganized into the fledgling New Republic , restoring the Old Republic and continued the rebellion against the shattered Empire, lasting until the Battle of Jakku one year after Endor , forcing the Galactic Empire to end the war and finally overthrowing it by the signing of the Galactic Concordance .

1 History 1.1 Early foundations 1.1.1 Resistance movements aided by the Jedi 1.1.2 Delegation of 2,000 1.1.3 Age of the Empire 1.1.4 The early rebellion 1.1.4.1 Scattered cells 1.1.4.1.1 Assorted insurgencies, a single Empire 1.1.4.1.2 Building the fight 1.1.4.1.3 Rise of the Spectres 1.1.4.2 New alliances and expansions 1.1.4.3 Eluding Thrawn 1.2 Rise of the Rebellion 1.2.1 Official formation 1.2.2 Ambush on Atollon 1.2.3 Building the Alliance 1.2.4 Return to Lothal 1.2.5 Victory at Scarif 1.2.6 Victory at Yavin 1.3 Post-Yavin advancements 1.3.1 Aftermath of victory 1.3.2 Rescuing Drusil Belphorin 1.3.3 Advancement into the Mid Rim 1.3.4 Attack on Weapons Factory Alpha 1.3.5 Battle of Vrogas Vas 1.3.6 Mid Rim Retreat 1.4 Rebounding from Hoth 1.4.1 Defeat at Hoth 1.4.2 Rebel Alliance on the run 1.4.3 Operation Ringbreaker 1.4.4 Liberating Sullust 1.4.5 The Second Death Star 1.4.6 Triumph at Endor 1.5 Founding a New Republic 1.6 Legacy

1.1 Early foundations 1.1.1 Resistance movements aided by the Jedi 1.1.2 Delegation of 2,000 1.1.3 Age of the Empire 1.1.4 The early rebellion 1.1.4.1 Scattered cells 1.1.4.1.1 Assorted insurgencies, a single Empire 1.1.4.1.2 Building the fight 1.1.4.1.3 Rise of the Spectres 1.1.4.2 New alliances and expansions 1.1.4.3 Eluding Thrawn

1.1.1 Resistance movements aided by the Jedi

1.1.2 Delegation of 2,000

1.1.3 Age of the Empire

1.1.4 The early rebellion 1.1.4.1 Scattered cells 1.1.4.1.1 Assorted insurgencies, a single Empire 1.1.4.1.2 Building the fight 1.1.4.1.3 Rise of the Spectres 1.1.4.2 New alliances and expansions 1.1.4.3 Eluding Thrawn

1.1.4.1 Scattered cells 1.1.4.1.1 Assorted insurgencies, a single Empire 1.1.4.1.2 Building the fight 1.1.4.1.3 Rise of the Spectres

1.1.4.1.1 Assorted insurgencies, a single Empire

1.1.4.1.2 Building the fight

1.1.4.1.3 Rise of the Spectres

1.1.4.2 New alliances and expansions

1.1.4.3 Eluding Thrawn

1.2 Rise of the Rebellion 1.2.1 Official formation 1.2.2 Ambush on Atollon 1.2.3 Building the Alliance 1.2.4 Return to Lothal 1.2.5 Victory at Scarif 1.2.6 Victory at Yavin

1.2.1 Official formation

1.2.2 Ambush on Atollon

1.2.3 Building the Alliance

1.2.4 Return to Lothal

1.2.5 Victory at Scarif

1.2.6 Victory at Yavin

1.3 Post-Yavin advancements 1.3.1 Aftermath of victory 1.3.2 Rescuing Drusil Belphorin 1.3.3 Advancement into the Mid Rim 1.3.4 Attack on Weapons Factory Alpha 1.3.5 Battle of Vrogas Vas 1.3.6 Mid Rim Retreat

1.3.1 Aftermath of victory

1.3.2 Rescuing Drusil Belphorin

1.3.3 Advancement into the Mid Rim

1.3.4 Attack on Weapons Factory Alpha

1.3.5 Battle of Vrogas Vas

1.3.6 Mid Rim Retreat

1.4 Rebounding from Hoth 1.4.1 Defeat at Hoth 1.4.2 Rebel Alliance on the run 1.4.3 Operation Ringbreaker 1.4.4 Liberating Sullust 1.4.5 The Second Death Star 1.4.6 Triumph at Endor

1.4.2 Rebel Alliance on the run

1.4.3 Operation Ringbreaker

1.4.4 Liberating Sullust

1.4.5 The Second Death Star

1.4.6 Triumph at Endor

1.5 Founding a New Republic

2 Organization 2.1 Government 2.2 Military

4 Appearances 4.1 Non-canon appearances

4.1 Non-canon appearances

5 Sources 5.1 Non-canon sources

5.1 Non-canon sources

6 Notes and references

Early foundations [ ]

The Onderon rebels, the first of many militias that were created, receive training from the Jedi.

While the Alliance to Restore the Republic was a resistance movement opposed to the tyranny of the Galactic Empire and its New Order , its roots predated the actual birth of the Empire, when the Galactic Republic was in its last years of existence . During the Clone Wars , a conflict that pitted the Republic against the Confederacy of Independent Systems , [ 20 ] the Jedi Order helped create resistance units on Separatist-held worlds as part of a plan proposed by Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker , one example being the Onderon rebels . [ 19 ] However, it was not for many more years that such rebel cells would coalesce into a single Rebellion with a centralized leadership. [ 11 ]

Mon Mothma, Bail Organa, and Padmé Amidala (left) were among the first to oppose Sheev Palpatine, even before he became Emperor.

Also during the Clone Wars, Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine had managed to obtain many emergency powers from the Galactic Senate , which caused certain members of the Chancellor's own Loyalist Committee , including Bail Prestor Organa of Alderaan , Padmé Amidala of Naboo , [ 22 ] and Mon Mothma of Chandrila , [ 23 ] to start to complain about the chief of state's conduct. [ 22 ] The discontented senatorial representatives ended up forming the Delegation of 2,000 . They signed the Petition of 2,000 , a document that formally expressed its signatories' concerns with Palpatine's rule and called for him to relinquish his emergency powers as soon as possible. Senator Meena Tills of Mon Cala was among the petitioners. [ 24 ]

Shortly thereafter, the Clone Wars was brought to an end . Far from relinquishing his dictatorial status, Chancellor Palpatine unilaterally abolished the Republic in front of the whole Senate and anointed himself the Galactic Emperor , thus transforming the democratic government into an authoritarian regime, the Galactic Empire. Unbeknownst to most of the galactic community, the self-promoted Emperor Palpatine was in fact the Sith Lord Darth Sidious, who had masterminded the Clone Wars so that he could gain power and overthrow the Republic. The Emperor immediately started to subvert democracy in the galaxy and declared the peacekeeping Jedi Knights enemies of the state. [ 21 ] In the immediate aftermath of the Clone Wars and Senator Amidala's death at the hands of her husband, Darth Vader — the identity adopted by Anakin Skywalker when he became Sidious's Sith apprentice — Senators Organa and Mothma started working in secret to overthrow the Empire. [ 11 ]

The Clone Wars ended with Chancellor Palpatine declaring himself Emperor of the Galactic Empire.

In the absence of any major opposition, the Galactic Empire thrived during the early days of Palpatine's reign, amassing a vast military and using it to instill fear in the civilian population, [ 26 ] yet public opinion [ 27 ] and the supposed power of the Imperial Senate remained vital [ 28 ] until Palpatine could fully cement his power. [ 29 ] All the same, the reformed Senate, being even less effective than it was during the last years of the Republic, did nothing to restrain that massive military expansion [ 26 ] as its senators, in time, gave into Palpatine's demands time and time again. [ 30 ] Meanwhile, in the deepest secrecy, the Empire worked on the Death Star , a moon-sized battle station capable of destroying entire planets . [ 26 ]

Senators Mon Mothma and Bail Prestor Organa attempted to re-assert the power of the Senate through the Imperial Rebirth Act [ 31 ] around 19 BBY. [ 32 ] While the act would pass, Palpatine claimed he had the authority to veto portions of it, curtailing whatever effectiveness it might have had. Mothma responded to the news by threating a prolonged political struggle, but Grand Vizier Mas Amedda explained all the ways Palpatine had rigged the political game in his favor and forced Mothma to admit she was not yet ready to wage a war against Palpatine, who had both the love of the populous and the means to win such a struggle. In the wake of the act's failure, Mothma and Organa would meet with the Partisan leader Saw Gerrera and established something of an unofficial alliance with the rebel: deciding to work together to overthrow Palpatine, Gerrera promised to provide the basis of a rebel army, Organa set himself and Alderaan up as their alliance's ideological heart, and Mothma, in what she realized was the weakest contribution of the three, promised to continue building up coalitions to oppose the Emperor as their political heart. [ 31 ]

Although many people held a grudge against the Empire, few dared to act. Those who did often acted solely in their own interests, which actually made it harder for any kind of real, organized rebellion to appear. [ 25 ] A rare example of organized resistance against the Empire was that of Cham Syndulla 's Free Ryloth Movement , which wanted to end the Imperial occupation on the planet Ryloth . It was formed from the Twi'lek Resistance , which had resisted the occupation of Ryloth by the Separatists during the Clone Wars. Over the years, the movement established hidden bases across the Ryloth system and executed raids against the Imperials. [ 33 ] Meanwhile, Separatist holdouts remained active in the galaxy and continued to fight [ 26 ] with hopes of securing independence from Imperial control. [ 27 ] [ 34 ] The former Separatist capital, Raxus Secundus , was occupied by the Imperial Military, [ 35 ] yet that did little to quell the spirit of independence amongst its people. [ 27 ]

As early as circa 18 BBY , [ 36 ] rumors swirled that Palpatine was scared about the prospect of planets and whole star systems allying together in the name of overthrowing him. While such a possible rebellion lacked any unifying leaders at that time, Palpatine and his agents were unable to act out in the open because public opinion was still so important to his legitimacy, even if he had the excuse to occupy worlds like Raxus. At that time, a growing number of Pantorans wished for true independence instead of remaining under the Imperial flag. To that end, Pantoran Senator Riyo Chuchi met with the former Separatist Senator of Raxus, Avi Singh , to discuss Palpatine's fears and the prospect of an allied Rebellion. To try and silence a revolution before it began, a clone assassin codenamed CX-1 was dispatched to kill Singh, but his efforts were halted by the Clone Underground , a network of clones who had rebelled against the Empire and hoped to help their brethren. [ 27 ]

Another rebel cell emerged one year after the end of the Clone Wars when the Empire decided to severely punish the world of Antar 4 for its past ties with the Confederacy of Independent Systems. That murderous operation, spearheaded by Wilhuff Tarkin , prompted the former Republic Intelligence agent Berch Teller to found his own resistance cell . Teller hoped they were contributing to what would eventually grow into a cause against the Empire. Four years after its formation, the insurgents managed to steal the Carrion Spike , the personal starship of Tarkin, to attack various Imperial targets with information provided to them by an Imperial traitor, Vice Admiral Dodd Rancit . Teller's insurgents later launched an attack on an Imperial convoy transporting important parts for the Death Star project. Their plans were soon thwarted by Tarkin's timely intervention, which resulted in the killing of every insurgent except Teller. [ 26 ]

However, by 5 BBY , a number of rebel cells had formed, operating all across the galaxy as part of an early rebellion against growing Imperial oppression, especially in light of the Empire's continuing expansion throughout the Outer Rim . [ 38 ] One insurgency began in the Atrivis sector , where the Liberators seized an Imperial garrison but were devastatingly defeated by the Imperial Navy soon afterwards. [ 6 ] A rebel operative named Luthen Rael did much of the on-the-ground early work in forming a network of rebel cells, [ 39 ] receiving funding from [ 40 ] and working alongside Senator Mothma. [ 39 ] Mothma also established a rebel cell of her own at some point. [ 41 ] The three principle architects of the Rebel Alliance would prove to be Mothma, Organa, and Gerrera, [ 42 ] the most extreme of the three. [ 6 ] However, the Alliance might never have been established if not for Rael's efforts, [ 43 ] with future rebel Wilmon Paak , indeed, arguing the Alliance owed its existence to him. [ 44 ]

Organa and former Jedi Ahsoka Tano operated as part of their own resistance movement that would fall into the larger whole of [ 38 ] an emerging alliance of rebel cells. [ 6 ] With the Empire beginning to take notice of Mothma's banking activities, Rael set up a rebel infiltration team [ 40 ] under Mothma's cousin [ 45 ] Vel Sartha to steal the quarterly payroll for the Imperial sector surrounding the planet Aldhani . [ 40 ] Rael also reasoned such a major strike against the Empire would make the regime lash out, inspiring more people to rise up as they suffered under a sudden burst of Imperial tyranny. [ 46 ] However, the success of the Aldhani mission effectively froze Mothma's bank accounts [ 47 ] under new laws, [ 48 ] thereby leaving Mothma with few ways to even out her accounts before the Empire fully investigated. In the end, the only solution before Mothma was to marry her daughter Leida off to the son of Chandrilan [ 47 ] oligarch [ 49 ] Davo Sculdun . If she went through with the proposal, Sculdun promised to deposit into her account, [ 48 ] thereby covering up the missing funds she had delivered to Rael. [ 45 ]

While Mothma could find Rael's tactics hard to stomach, particularly his usage of the Aldhani heist to hasten the speed of Imperial oppression in the name of inspiring more people to rebel, [ 46 ] she did reflect in her personal journal that the Rebellion she was helping to form needed to show its teeth, lest Palpatine's military crush it in its infancy. [ 6 ] While she did have hope of a peaceful end to the conflict in the Senate, [ 51 ] she and Bail Organa helped organize paramilitary attacks from the shadows, all while presenting themselves as principled dissenters in public. Furthermore, she knew that the galaxy's assorted rebel cells needed to unify in the name of opposing Palpatine or else each would be hunted down one by one. [ 6 ]

Luthen Rael meets with Saw Gerrera to argue that the rebel cells need to band into a unified force.

Rael also met with Saw Gerrera of the Partisans in an effort to convince him to work alongside former Separatist Anto Kreegyr 's group , arguing that the rebel cells, despite their political differences, needed to join together to become a true threat to the Empire. [ 50 ] By the time Gerrera agreed, the Imperial Security Bureau had discovered Kreegyr's looming raid on the Spellhaus Imperial power station . Reasoning that Kreegyr's demise would make the ISB overconfident and protect Rael's agent within the ISB, Lonni Jung , the two reluctantly agreed to sacrifice Kreegyr's forces for the greater good of their war effort. [ 47 ] Shortly afterward, the raid indeed ended in the total destruction of Kreegyr's attack party. Following the Rix Road riot , Rael also formally recruited Cassian Jeron Andor into his network. [ 37 ] The Atrivis Resistance Group , led by Travia Chan , was also active in the Atrivis sector. After deliberation, they decided to join Mothma, becoming one of the first groups of what Mothma had begun calling "the Alliance." [ 6 ]

One rebel cell was the Spectres , which largely fought on the Imperial-controlled Outer Rim planet of Lothal . [ 38 ] Another rebel cell was Phoenix Cell , led by Commander Jun Sato , [ 52 ] which was a part of the larger rebel network led by Tano and Senator Organa. At that point, members of those cells were not supposed to know they were part of a larger movement known as the rebellion, so if captured, they could not give information on the other rebel cells. The cells were only provided with intelligence on a need-to-know basis by Tano, using the codename " Fulcrum ." [ 38 ]

Due to the increased rebel activities around Lothal, the Imperial Security Bureau dispatched Agent Alexsandr Kallus to hunt down the Spectres. Kallus saw the rebel activities as part of a pattern which could lead to a spark of rebellion. [ 53 ] The Spectres further came to the attention of Organa and received information from Tano as "Fulcrum." [ 38 ] After the Spectres frustrated several Imperial efforts to capture them, Grand Moff Tarkin visited Lothal and warned the Imperial officials and officers that while the various cells lacked unity, the rebels on Lothal were unique because they had unity, which made them a credible threat to the Empire. Tarkin warned that the failures of Imperial forces on Lothal allowed the Spectres to represent hope, and ordered the Grand Inquisitor to execute two of the incompetent Imperial officers. He warned the others that failure would have consequences. [ 54 ]

The Rebellion's existence was finally revealed to the Empire when they captured Kanan Jarrus after he and the rest of the Spectres were able to hack and send out a rebellious transmission to Lothal and many surrounding systems. His capture prompted his fellow Spectres to launch a mission to rescue him from Tarkin's personal Imperial Star Destroyer, the Sovereign , over Mustafar . In order to save one of their cells and the only other Jedi involved in the movement other than herself, Tano led Phoenix Squadron to assist in their escape. Following the successful rescue, she informed the Spectres that their protocol of secrecy had changed. In response to the transmission sent by the Spectres and the rumors of the rebel action over Mustafar, anti-Imperial unrest began on Lothal and several other worlds. In response, the Emperor dispatched Darth Vader to deal with the issue. [ 38 ]

Following the Siege of Lothal , the Spectres were forced to retreat from Lothal and Phoenix Cell was crippled when Vader destroyed their command ship . As a result of their encounter with Vader on Lothal, the Spectres decided to permanently join Phoenix Cell. [ 56 ] Despite the attack, the Spectres were able to recruit retired Clone Captain Rex to their cause. [ 57 ] Phoenix Cell was also able to acquire a prototype B-wing starfighter from Mon Calamari engineer Quarrie . [ 58 ] Working with Rex, the Spectres were able to destroy the Imperial Interdictor . [ 59 ] The Spectres also prevented members of the Inquisitorius from capturing several Force-sensitive children. [ 60 ] A rebel fleet was constructed over the planet Paucris Major and evacuated upon being warned by Princess Leia Organa , daughter of Senator Organa, of a coming Imperial force. [ 55 ]

The rebellion gets three Hammerhead corvettes for their cause after suffering losses at Garel.

Later, Phoenix Cell suffered a major blow when the Empire learned they were hiding on the planet Garel . [ 61 ] The Phoenix Squadron managed to escape but suffered some losses during the Battle of Garel . After Senator Organa learned of their losses, he sent Leia to deliver three Sphyrna -class Hammerhead corvettes to them on Lothal. [ 62 ] In 3 BBY , Phoenix Cell undertook a mission to seek safe passage for the Rebellion through the Concord Dawn system . After meeting resistance from Fenn Rau 's Mandalorian Protectors , the Spectres managed to kidnap him and force him to meet their demands for safe passage after a second attempt. [ 63 ] All the while, the Telaris rebel stardocks were hard at work converting Mon Calamari Star Cruisers into warships. [ 6 ]

Afterward, the Spectres and Cham's Free Ryloth movement joined forces to steal a Quasar Fire -class cruiser-carrier above the planet Ryloth. [ 64 ] The stolen carrier became the new flagship Phoenix Nest of Phoenix Squadron. With the help of Chopper and the former Imperial RA-7 protocol droid AP-5 , Phoenix Squadron established a new base [ 65 ] called Chopper Base on the planet Atollon . [ 66 ] By 2 BBY , [ 67 ] the in-progress Rebel Alliance was also establishing a base in the Great Temple of the moon Yavin 4 , where Organa and Mothma intended for the revolution to be headquartered in due time. [ 68 ] As a temporary base that ended up being expanded more than originally intended, [ 69 ] however, the Alliance's first headquarters would nonetheless be established through the Dantooine base . [ 70 ]

Grand Admiral Thrawn was tasked to eliminate the burgeoning rebel threat.

The Imperial tactician Thrawn was promoted by the Emperor to Grand Admiral for his role in obliterating the rebel insurgency in the Batonn sector and the mastermind vigilante Nightswan . Nightswan once planned on bringing various rebel and insurgent groups together as an alliance, but, as he had recalled to Thrawn, he stopped because of paranoia, distrust, "squabbling," and pride. Nightswan did not know if any individual would succeed in creating a rebel alliance, simply knowing he was not the man who could. [ 71 ]

Grand Admiral Thrawn believed the Empire was facing a galaxy-wide insurgency and studied his enemies' philosophy, art, and history in order to defeat them. In response to the activities of Phoenix Cell in the Lothal sector , Governor Arihnda Pryce enlisted his help in defeating them. Thrawn was not content with destroying Phoenix Squadron but sought to destroy the entire rebel fleet. Consequently, he allowed the squadron to escape with several stolen Y-wings during a mission to Reklam Station . These Y-wings were sent to General Jan Dodonna 's unit . [ 72 ]

The Rebellion also received an unexpected ally in the form of Agent Kallus, a former adversary of Phoenix Cell and the Spectres. [ 73 ] Kallus had undergone a change of heart after befriending Zeb Orrelios on the ice moon of Bahryn . [ 74 ] Kallus became the rebel spy known as Fulcrum and informed Phoenix Cell that several TIE fighter pilot cadets at the Skystrike Academy were planning to defect. Kallus also helped the rebel Wren escape with the defecting pilots Wedge Antilles and Derek Klivian , [ 73 ] who would later join the Alliance's Starfighter Corps . [ 75 ]

After Governor Gar Saxon massacred the Mandalorian Protectors, Rau finally joined the Rebellion. [ 76 ] After the Phoenix rebels evacuated rebel sympathizers from the planet Mykapo , the rebel cell Iron Squadron joined the Rebellion. [ 77 ] The Spectres later undertook a mission with the former and original Governor of Lpthal Ryder Azadi 's rebel cell to steal Thrawn's plans for a new prototype starfighter from the Imperial Armory Complex on Lothal. During the course of their mission , the rebels were helped by Agent Kallus. [ 78 ]

Later, Rebel Command dispatched Gerrera and his Partisans on a mission to investigate the disappearance of the Geonosian species. With the help of the Spectres and Geonosian survivor Klik-Klak , the rebels discovered evidence that the Empire perpetrated genocide against the Geonosians. Although Organa hoped to use the information to raise awareness of Imperial atrocities and to sway more worlds to their cause, the evidence, canisters used in the genocide, was lost when the Spectres and Gerrera were forced to escape, although they did manage to take images of the canisters. [ 79 ] As the Rebellion continued to grow, Gerrera's violent tactics continued to put him at odds with the rest of the Rebels. In time, Mothma requested an official resolution of Censure Condemning Saw Gerrera of the Partisans to separate him from their growing alliance. [ 6 ]

Thrawn also embarked on an ambitious program to search for Phoenix Squadron's base by dispatching E-XD-series infiltrator droids to sweep the Outer Rim Territories for signs of rebel activity. One unit, EXD-9 , discovered Chopper Base but Orrelios, Chopper , and AP-5 reprogrammed him into an improvised bomb that was sent back to its base and destroyed one of Thrawn's Star Destroyers . Despite this setback, Thrawn managed to narrow down the search for Chopper Base to 94 systems. [ 80 ] Thrawn also later discovered that Kallus was a rebel spy and decided to use him against the Rebellion. [ 81 ]

Rise of the Rebellion [ ]

Mon Mothma, Jon Vander, Gold Two, Erskin Semaj, and the Spectres witnessing the birth of the Rebel Alliance.

The Rebel Alliance formally came into existence after Mothma resigned from the Imperial Senate and denounced Emperor Palpatine for his role in the Ghorman Massacre . With the help of Phoenix Leader Hera Syndulla and her Spectres, Mothma escaped Thrawn's forces by traveling through the dangerous Archeon pass to reach Dantooine , [ 2 ] the site of a temporary base that was increasingly built up as the Alliance grew. [ 69 ] While Alliance had already established a base on the moon Yavin 4 [ 13 ] that Mothma and Bail Organa intended to become Alliance headquarters, they recognized it was not yet ready [ 82 ] as of 2 BBY. Nonetheless, the makings of the Alliance Army could be found at Yavin. [ 13 ] Over Dantooine, Mon Mothma gave a HoloNet speech calling for the galaxy to rise up in rebellion against the Empire. Mothma's message was heard by the rebel cells throughout the galaxy including Lothal and Atollon. The Rebel Fleet converged above Dantooine, and the cells were unified into the Alliance to Restore the Republic, which officially began the Galactic Civil War . [ 2 ]

Around the same time as the Alliance's formal formation, Garven Dreis and Antoc Merrick joined the rebellion. [ 83 ] As the Alliance grew in publicity [ 84 ] and around that same time, a grouping of Mon Calamari cruisers joined the Alliance fleet. [ 83 ] While Mothma admitted in Short Notes on the History of the Rebel Alliance Navy that the Alliance perhaps did not deserve the Mon Calamari city-ships that joined its ranks, as it failed to carry out significant action against the occupation of Mon Cala , she believed the Alliance's ability to secure these ships and the boon to the fleet they represented was proof of how important it was to win the hearts of the galaxy. [ 84 ]

As part of the Attack on Lothal, Syndulla dispatched the droids AP-5 and Chopper along with the former Imperial cadet Wedge Antilles to steal clearance codes from the Imperial Security Bureau station on the moon Killun 71 . During the course of the mission, Chopper was hijacked by a group of Imperial slicers and intelligence officers led by LT-319 , who were based aboard an IGV-55 surveillance vessel . LT-319 tried to use Chopper to kill the Spectres and find the location of Chopper Base. However, Syndulla managed to reprogram Chopper and transmitted a data surge that destroyed the Imperial surveillance vessel. [ 85 ]

Having obtained the clearance codes, the Phoenix Squadron began training for their Attack on Lothal. Ezra Bridger was briefly distracted when he departed with Chopper on an errant mission to Tatooine to save Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi from his arch-nemesis the renegade Sith Lord Maul . Kenobi told Bridger to return to his place with the Rebellion and defeated Maul in combat. [ 86 ] At some stage of its existence, the Rebel Alliance undertook an assault on Vivonah and the slaughter on Noult , which were decried as terrorist actions by rebel enemies. [ 87 ] The rebellion maintained forces on [ 6 ] the planet [ 88 ] Gaulus until effecting a withdrawal . [ 6 ] Operation Shield Bash was launched as a joint venture between the Alliance and Truwel system rebels at some point. [ 89 ]

As part of the final stage of the Attack on Lothal, General Dodonna and the Massassi Group traveled to Atollon to rendezvous with Phoenix Cell. However, Thrawn's spies reported the trajectory of Dodonna's forces to the Grand Admiral. After exposing Kallus as Fulcrum, Thrawn used the trajectories of Massassi Group and Kallus' Fulcrum transmission to determine the location of Chopper Base and Atollon. Thrawn's Seventh Fleet , using Interdictor cruisers blockaded the Atollon system , preventing the rebels from carrying out their attack on Lothal and almost instantly taking EF76 Nebulon-B escort frigate . Trapped in the system, the rebels were forced to attack blockade using a tactic which included bombing runs which would try to break the Imperial positions. Thrawn knew about this and ordered his ships to keep to their positions. He then quickly fragmented Green Squadron as they attempted to cripple his Star Destroyers. He then counterattacked with his TIE squadrons, destroying several rebel corvettes including the Sphyrna -class corvette P2 . Realizing his tactic was hopeless, Commander Sato ordered the fleet to charge the blockade, and the Star Destroyers took out a second Nebulon-B frigate and the Braha'tok -class gunship Orion almost instantly. [ 90 ]

The Ghost and three Braha'tok -class gunships during the Battle of Atollon.

Bridger and Chopper managed to escape on the Gauntlet fighter Nightbrother after Commander Sato sacrificed his life to destroy an Imperial interdictor vessel that was blocking hyperspace jumps. Ezra appealed to Mon Mothma for help, but the rebel leader was unwilling to expose the Alliance's true strength to Thrawn. Mothma agreed that Senator Organa was right when he said that the rebels were not yet ready to enter into open warfare with the Empire. With the Rebel Alliance unwilling to help, Ezra solicited the help of Sabine's Clan Wren , who destroyed Thrawn's second interdictor cruiser. [ 90 ]

As a result, the few surviving rebel forces, under Captain Syndulla and General Dodonna, emerged from the surface taking heavy losses along the way and were able to flee to Yavin 4 . Only a few ships, including the Ghost , the CR90 corvette Liberator , two Sphyrna -class corvettes P1 and P3 and an assortment of RZ-1 A-wing interceptors and Y-wings got out. [ 90 ] To Mothma and other members of the Alliance, the defeat at Atollon was proof that their rebellion was not yet ready for open war. All the same, other actors across the galaxy believed such a conflict had already begun. [ 51 ] As thanks for Clan Wren's aid, rebel forces [ 90 ] —specifically Jarrus, Bridger, and C1-10P—joined Sabine Wren and her Mandalorian Clan in the Mandalorian Civil War . [ 91 ]

The Alliance headquarters on Yavin 4

By 1 BBY , [ 83 ] the Alliance became a full-fledged resistance movement headed by Organa and Mothma, [ 11 ] with the latter bearing the title of Chancellor . [ 5 ] Now in possession of a respectable starfleet that included T-65B X-wing starfighters , BTL-A4 Y-wing assault starfighter/bombers, A-wing starfighters, and large ships that included MC80 Star Cruisers , at least one MC75 Star Cruiser , EF76 Nebulon-B escort frigate, and various corvettes , gunships, and transports , the Alliance was finally able to fight the Empire on better terms. [ 11 ] At the time, the Alliance was headquartered on the lush moon of Yavin 4, in an ancient stone structure known as the Great Temple . [ 1 ]

Leia, the surrogate daughter of Organa and crown Princess of Alderaan, succeeded her adopted father in the Imperial Senate and was also a secret member of the Alliance. [ 1 ] Prominent Alliance war leaders of the time included General Dodonna and Admiral Gial Ackbar . [ 92 ] Some of the Empire's Joint Chiefs , like General Cassio Tagge , realized the full threat of what they called "the Rebellion." Others, like Admiral Conan Antonio Motti , believed in the infallibility of the Empire's might. [ 1 ] The Imperials, in an attempt to avoid dissent and sympathy for the Rebellion amongst loyal Imperial citizens, ensured that, through the use of propaganda, they did not know how large of a threat the Alliance truly was, assuring them that it was merely an unorganized and vengeful terrorist organization. [ 8 ]

After their attempt to attack Lothal ended with the loss at Atollon, the Spectres returned to Lothal to help the Lothal resistance group and Azadi. They got information of Thrawn's newly upgraded TIE/D Defender. Bridger and Wren stole the prototype but didn't get far thanks to its kill switch and had to escape with the hyperdrive . They sent Syndulla back to Alliance High Command to call for an attack on the Imperial Armory Complex of which they accepted. Syndulla got promoted to General and returned with a Squadron of X-wing starfighters and Y-wants piloted by Iron Squadron’s leader and the late Commander Sato’s nephew Captain Mart Mattin , Cleat , Duke , Secon Daree , and many others but Thrawn was there and had a trap set for them. One by one they fell, and Syndulla, Mattin, and Daree were the only confirmed survivors. Thrawn sent his assassin Rukh to find them, and he quickly captured Daree and Syndulla. [ 94 ]

Shortly after, Bridger, Wren, and Jarrus went to save Syndulla. Jarrus broke into Governor Arihnda Pryce's office and rescued Hera whilst Bridger and Wren, disguised as TIE pilots , went to find them a way out. Jarrus and Syndulla escaped on a glider to the Lothal City fuel depot where they were met by Bridger and Wren in a patrol transport . Pryce then arrived on an All Terrain Armored Transport which fired upon the fuel pod. Jarrus sacrificed himself to save the others, and the fuel depot was lost, halting the production of the TIE/D Defender on Lothal. [ 95 ]

After mainly relying on surgical operations in the pre-open war period, [ 7 ] the Alliance's first major battle with the Empire was on the tropical planet of Scarif , in which the Alliance scored its first large-scale victory in the War. Prior to the battle, the Alliance received stolen intel describing a secret Imperial weapon being construction, which connected to recent events on the planet Ghorman and the ongoing Imperial crackdown on the moon Jedha . The information also suggested the renowned scientist and engineer Doctor Galen Erso was affiliated with the weapon. [ 96 ]

The Alliance Fleet above Scarif

Soon after, Alliance Intelligence intercepted information confirming Erso was building an Imperial superweapon capable of destroying entire planets. Alliance leadership sent Galen's daughter, Sergeant Jyn Erso , as well as Captain Cassian Andor to learn more about her father's involvement. Their subsequent efforts saw the Alliance discover the existence of the Death Star, as well as a fatal flaw in the design placed there by Galen Erso. During the Battle, the Alliance managed to steal the blueprints of the Death Star, which had just been completed after nearly two decades of work, from the Imperial satellite base on Scarif. The plans to the Death Star were then transported to Princess Leia on the Tantive IV . [ 14 ] Meanwhile, Erso's declaration of " rebellions are built on hope " before the battle was recorded by journalist Corwi Selgrothe and would be used as a rallying cry for the Alliance in propaganda. [ 97 ]

Following the Battle of Scarif, Princess Leia's ship fell under Imperial attack over Tatooine, and she was captured by Darth Vader, which prevented her from bringing the blueprints to her father back on Alderaan. She still managed to entrust the plans to the droids R2-D2 and C-3PO , who escaped the ship in an escape pod and landed on Tatooine below. After Grand Moff Tarkin ordered the destruction of Alderaan with the Death Star's superlaser , Leia was rescued from the battle station's jail by the crew of the Corellian YT-1300f light freighter Millennium Falcon , who returned her the two droids. The group—except for Kenobi, who gave his life battling Darth Vader—escaped the Death Star aboard the Falcon and headed for the Alliance headquarters on Yavin 4, where the plans of Empire's superweapon were analyzed. [ 1 ]

The Alliance launches its attack run on the Death Star.

Having traced the fleeing rebels, the Empire discovered the location of the Alliance base, and the Death Star closed into Yavin 4. The Alliance then launched its assault against the battle station, with Princess Leia monitoring in the command center. Leia’s older twin brother Jedi Lieutenant Luke Skywalker joined the mission in his own way, piloting an X-wing under the call sign of Red Five . However, the assault would go bad for the rebels as the stationary defenses and the TIE Fighter defenders would shot down nearly the entire strike force. As the Empire readied to destroy Yavin 4 and the Alliance with a single blow of its superlaser, Captain Han Solo unexpectedly saved Skywalker by blasting a group of Imperial TIE/ln starfighters that were giving chase. Skywalker managed to fire a proton torpedo into the Death Star's thermal exhaust port , destroying the battle station by exploiting its only weakness and killed Governor Tarkin and many of the Empire’s best forces at his hand. [ 1 ]

Post-Yavin advancements [ ]

Luke Skywalker and Han Solo were honored by Princess Leia Organa for saving the Alliance in the Battle of Yavin.

In the shadow of Yavin, the Alliance had won its first major tactical victory, but at an enormous cost in lives. In addition to the Alliance pilots who died during the assault, at least millions of Alderaanians had perished with their planet, Bail Organa among them. After an award ceremony during which Princess Leia presented the heroes of the day with medals of Bravery , General Dodonna made it his priority to have Yavin 4 evacuated . Now that the Empire knew their location, they had to find a new base of operations as soon as possible. [ 92 ] Darth Vader became obsessed with finding the young rebel who destroyed the Death Star and killed Governor Tarkin and most of the Empire’s best forces right under his nose. Unbeknownst to him, until learning Luke's last name through Boba Fett , and the rebels at the time, he was in fact the biological father of both Luke and Leia. [ 98 ]

Not long after the Battle of Yavin, the Rebel Fleet relocated to the Pantora system . [ 99 ] The Rebellion also spread footage of their victory over the Death Star via the DarkNet , [ 100 ] and the destruction of the battle station was a boon to the rebellion's efforts: with such a major victory secured, the battle proved that victory over the Empire was actually possible. [ 101 ] Shortly after Yavin, the Empire targeted and destroyed the Alliance's fuel refinery within the Choah Belt , only for the rebels to respond by capturing the Imperial fuel tanker Black Ice . The Black Ice was lost in a collision at some point later in the war. [ 102 ] The reinforcement of Thila was a harrowing event experienced by rebel personnel at one point. [ 103 ]

Luke and Nakari Kelen were tasked with rescuing the Givin Drusil Bephorin , who the Empire was watching closely for her expert slicing skills. They met with a Kupohan spy called Sakhet on Denon , who directed them to Drusil. They extracted the Givin and took her to Kupoh , where another one of Sakhet's contacts Azzur Nessin owned a company in the capital of Tonekh city called Nessin Courier & Cargo . He repaired their ship, whilst they kept one of his employees Migg Birkhit from bringing the Empire to them. They managed to contain a Gotal ISB agent called Barrisk Favvin , along with Migg. Then, another employee Ruuf Waluuk called in a Devaronian mercenary and he killed Nessin before Skywalker and Kelen killed them both. They escaped the Kupoh system and went to Omereth , where Drusil's family were waiting after being extracted by Major Bren Derlin . However, bounty hunters intercepted them and they crashed into the ocean and swam to the land where they face the many mercenaries. Kelen died in the fight, but Luke reunited Drusil with her family and she promised to return and help them. [ 99 ]

Bolstered by the victory at Yavin, the Alliance leaders had thousands of ships and hundreds of battle groups, including Twilight Company , advance into the Mid Rim . Many battles broke out and the Alliance gained lots of ground. But nine months in, the Fleet became overextended and a halt was ordered. This was soon followed by a retreat and the forces began evacuating their bases. [ 104 ]

Han, Luke, Leia, and R2 enter the factory.

Shortly after their victory at Yavin, the rebels launched over a dozen major attacks against the Empire [ 106 ] as the tide of the war seemed to shift in the Alliance's favor. [ 105 ] Such attacks included a bombing of the Imdaar supply base , the bombing of the Kuat shipyards , [ 106 ] and the Assault on Cymoon , which was home to a major Imperial weapons factory known as Weapons Factory Alpha . Luke, Princess Leia, R2-D2, and Han went undercover to the factory, while Chewbacca served as a sniper and C-3PO stayed on the Falcon as their escape pilot. [ 105 ] Despite a run-in with Darth Vader, the Rebels were able to destroy the factory, [ 107 ] striking another major blow against the Empire. [ 106 ]

Although the Empire's official explanation was that the destruction of the Death Star and Weapons Factory Alpha were lies spread by rebel propaganda, rumors spread of the rebel victories. [ 106 ] However, during the brief encounter with Vader, he saw Luke's lightsaber . He recognized it as his old saber and began his hunt to find the origins of Luke. [ 107 ]

Darth Vader had been getting information on the boy who destroyed the Death Star and killed Governor Tarkin and most of the Empire’s best forces, he recently found out his name confirming Luke to be his son. Vader's rival Commander Karbin discovered his location and leaked it to Vader's helper, Doctor Aphra who sent Vader to the location, Vrogas Vas . He instantly ran into three X-wing squadrons, Red Squadron , Blue Squadron , and Yellow Squadron of which he began obliterating, before Luke crashed his X-wing into Vader's TIE Advanced and they both crashed onto the surface. The Alliance forces at the Rebel Refueling Base , then deployed hundreds of troops supported by dozens of tanks and they went hunting Vader. They also deployed the Y-wings of Gray Squadron to attack Vader and he destroyed them by hurling rocks with the Force. [ 108 ]

Alliance forces surround Darth Vader.

Vader soon found himself surrounded by the many ground forces but did not fear them. He outsmarted them by activating their grenades and scattering them. He then mowed more of them down, whilst deflecting tank shots and taking out the T-47 airspeeders of Cyan Squadron . Meanwhile, Dr. Aphra had come to Vrogas Vas and captured Skywalker. Organa, Solo, and Chewbacca also arrived and Solo went to save Skywalker again, while Organa took a strike team to find Vader. Whilst Han faced off with Doctor Aphra, Vader took out Organa's squad but let her go to attract more rebels to him. Leia sent the Y-wings of Amber Wing to bomb the area, but they were soon stopped by Commander Karbin and his forces and Karbin tried to take Luke. Vader stopped Karbin's men and faced off with Karbin. Vader defeated Karbin, whilst Organa, Solo, Skywalker, and Chewie escaped with a captured Dr. Aphra. With the Empire overrunning them, the Alliance forces were forced to retreat as well. [ 108 ]

The Mid Rim Retreat was the Empire pushing the Alliance back from the Mid Rim following their former advancement. Companies such as Twilight Company, Fish Eye Company , Bitter Pill Company , and the Twenty-First were either defending, distracting or rescuing. It was part of the Alliance's withdrawal from the Mid Rim. [ 104 ]

Twilight Company launched a campaign on Haidoral Prime as a part of a distraction for the Alliance Fleet to withdraw from the Mid Rim. During the campaign, Sergeant Hazram Namir and his squad extracted the defecting Governor Everi Chalis . She offered herself as a necessary asset to the Alliance, as she knew a lot about the inner-workings of the "Imperial war machine." Captain Micha Evon took an interest in this, but the soldiers weren't having it. One of them, Corbo , took a knife to her holding cell, because he was still grief-stricken after one of her laws had his pet Felinx killed. They then suffered a run-in with an Imperial patrol. But in the Coyerti campaign , Chalis gave them valuable intelligence on a distillery of which Namir and his squad destroyed. Twilight Company then suffered three more attacks in the Metatessu sector and realized the CR90 corvette Thunderstrike ' s hyperdrive was leaving a trail. Chalis arranged a raid on an Imperial heavy freighter for them to get supplies. Her plan worked flawlessly, but with the loss of two sergeants, Fektrin and Maximian Ajax . [ 104 ]

Meanwhile, the Alliance was taking heavy losses during their withdrawal from the Mid Rim. Whilst the Twenty-First battled on Bestine and Bitter Pill Company lost their transport on a trash heap of a planet, the Alliance lost Unroola Dawn , Talrezan Four , and Hope Station , General Amrashad was killed. [ 104 ]

Chalis and Captain Evon then got an invite to Echo Base and they took Namir, Roja , and Beak with them. Meanwhile, the rest of Twilight Company went to the Elochar sector where a flotilla, including the Sixmoon , was stationed. Chalis, Evon and the other three got to Echo Base on Hoth , where they met up with General Philap Bygar , who took them to a strategy conference. The other three did jobs around the Base in the meantime and Namir got into a fight with an Rebel Alliance Special Forces soldier called Kryndal , over the ethics of the Alliance. The strategy conference went as planned, but the alarm soon went off that the Empire had found them. [ 104 ]

Rebounding from Hoth [ ]

In 3 ABY , [ 17 ] one of the many Imperial probe droids searching the galaxy ended up discovering the Rebels' presence. Death Squadron , Darth Vader's personal armada, headed for Hoth with a contingent of ground troops, ready to crush the rebellion once and for all. However, due to a mistake by Admiral Kendal Ozzel , the Alliance forces were warned of the Empire's arrival. The Rebels had time to activate the deflector shield protecting Echo Base, rendering orbital bombardment impossible. As the Alliance prepared for evacuation, Imperial troops disembarked on the surface of Hoth, beyond the range of the energy shields. Once there, several legions of snowtroopers advanced on Echo Base. A squadron of All Terrain Armored Transports under the command of General Maximilian Veers was tasked with destroying the massive generators powering the Rebel base's shield. Perimeter Outpost Delta fell first with Sergeant Hazram Namir, Roja, and Beak being forced to retreat back to the main base to find Captain Micha Evon and Everi Chalis. [ 10 ]

Rebel snowspeeders engage the AT-ATs of Blizzard Force during the Battle of Hoth.

Luke, who was promoted to Commander by Mothma, led Rogue Squadron of snowspeeders against General Veers' armored transports. By using a harpoon gun and tow-cable, the Rebels managed to bring down one of the transports, but Skywalker's snowspeeder was shot down. Unlike his gunner, Dak Ralter , the Rogue commander survived the accident. With the help of his lightsaber and a grenade, he still managed to destroy another walker. Despite the Rebels' best efforts to delay Veers' armored transports, the Imperial general successfully blew up the protective shield generator, allowing Darth Vader and his men to enter Echo Base. While the Rebel command personnel and material was loaded into transports and whisked away just in time, the unprepared Alliance soldiers engaged the Imperials in conventional warfare. Namir and his two men got back to the main base to find Chalis with and Captain Evon, who was unconscious. They then encountered Darth Vader who killed Captain Evon, Roja, and Beak. Namir and Chalis escaped on a shuttle with Chalis' clearance codes. [ 104 ]

Unable to reach a transport, Princess Leia Organa, Han Solo, Chewbacca, and the droid C-3PO took their flight in the Millennium Falcon . The Alliance delayed the Imperial troops long enough to get its most important staff off the planet, and its ground-based ion cannon temporarily disabled all ships of Death Squadron, preventing them from attacking the escaping transports. All in all, the Empire still won a major victory on Hoth, as the Alliance was routed from its base once again and barely escaped Death Squadron's blockade. [ 10 ] The Imperial victory left the Alliance scattered and General Philap Bygar was killed during or after the battle when running from the Imperials. [ 104 ]

Organa, Solo, Chewbacca, and C-3PO were on the run on the Millennium Falcon . They evaded many Imperial -class Star Destroyers before escaping the clutches of Captain Lorth Needa . They then traveled to Cloud City on the gas giant Bespin to meet with Solo's old friend Lando Calrissian . Calrissian had the Millennium Falcon repaired but when the time was right, he betrayed them, handing them over to Darth Vader, who wanted to set a trap for Luke Skywalker. He had Solo frozen in carbonite as Skywalker came to Cloud City with R2-D2. Vader then confronted Skywalker, and after defeating him in a duel, revealed that he was his father. Meanwhile, Calrissian had his security turn on the Empire and Cloud City descended into chaos. [ 10 ]

Skywalker ran from Vader and was rescued by the two as they escaped Cloud City with Chewbacca, C-3PO, and R2-D2. Solo was taken to be Jabba the Hutt by Boba Fett, who had initially tracked them to Bespin. [ 10 ] The Second Division of the Rebel Fleet came to be based off a temporary base in the Outer Rim on Panisia . [ 109 ]

Shortly following the Battle of Hoth, the Sixty-First had found itself beheaded with their captain Micha Evon killed on Hoth and the rest of the officers killed in the Elochar sector. They were stranded on Ankhural with vital repairs being done to the Thunderstrike , and they needed a purpose, so Chalis and Namir (who took charge) initiated Operation Ringbreaker , which sought to force Imperial redeployments from the shipbuilding world of Kuat by assaulting worlds such as Obumubo , Naator , Xagobah , and the asteroid mines of the Kuliquo belt , thus allowing the Alliance to assault its ultimate goal. This was led by the Alliance's Sixty-First Mobile Infantry, commonly known as Twilight Company. One of the final planets in the chain before the attack on Kuat itself was the mining world of Sullust . The Twilight Company attacked the Inyusu Tor mineral processing facility. The facility was quickly overtaken, and victory seemed sure until Twilight Company's ship, the Thunderstrike , was shot down and damaged beyond repair while attempting to pick up the division. [ 104 ]

Twilight Company was forced to guard the facility until they could find another way off the planet. The Imperial -class Star Destroyer Herald and the ground forces advanced on them. They were aided by the local rebel cell led by Nien Nunb , although the tide of the battle was only truly changed when Governor Everi Chalis disabled the Imperial -class Star Destroyer Herald using a shuttle and ion mines. In the following days, an interim government would be installed in Pinyumb, while heavy losses sustained by the Sixty-First would ultimately cancel Operation Ringbreaker, allowing the company to act as a temporary police force for the Sullustan people. Their Braha'tok -class gunship the Apailana's Promise had barely survived after returning to help them against the Herald . Subsequent pirate broadcasts and intercepted Imperial signals indicated further insurrections across the planet, delaying the inevitable Imperial counterattack. [ 104 ]

Rebounding from their losses at Hoth after Operation Starlight , the Rebel Alliance formally revealed its survival by attacking the Imperial Unity Day parade on Bar'leth , which was being broadcast to the entire galaxy. The victory was therefore incredibly public and showcased that the Rebels took care to not hurt civilians. [ 111 ] After Rebel Command learned of the existence of a second Death Star from Skywalker, [ 112 ] the Bothan Spynet began to dig for more information. Emperor Palpatine found out about this and sought to set a trap for the Alliance. He let more information be fed more to the Bothans , with many of them dying in order to get it, and hid the fact that the Death Star II was operational. The new information revealed the location of the Death Star II, Endor , the shield protecting it and the shafts within it big enough for starfighters to pass through to the core. [ 110 ]

When Alliance High Command got this information, they launched Operation Yellow Moon in order to distract Imperial forces across the galaxy. This was led by Princess Organa and her strike team. [ 110 ] Meanwhile, the rebels on the MC80 Star Cruiser Invincible Faith had intercepted a message from Moff Derrek Raythe , which would reveal Emperor Palpatine's trap if they decrypted it in time, but they also captured Commander Iden Versio of the Empire's Inferno Squad , who let it happen so she could get rid of the message. She broke free, forced her way through the ship and deleted the message making sure no-one in the Alliance could know about the trap. Versio escaped with the help of the other members of Inferno Squad. [ 113 ]

In 4 ABY, [ 17 ] the Alliance to Restore the Republic was determined to deal a fatal blow to Emperor Palpatine's tyranny. The Alliance Fleet rendezvoused near Sullust to plan an attack. Thanks to its Bothan spies and learned Palpatine was overseeing the final construction stages of the new battle station. [ 114 ]

The Death Star II in orbit over Endor during the Battle of Endor.

It was decided that a rebel strike team led by Skywalker, Organa, Solo, and Chewbacca would land on Endor in a stolen Lambda -class T-4a shuttle , with the mission to deactivate the Death Star's energy defense shield. Little did they know that they fell into a trap. When they reached the shield's bunker, the Imperial Army was waiting for them. In orbit of Endor, the Alliance Fleet was ambushed by a large Imperial armada led by the Super Star Destroyer Executor that emerged from hyperspace. Unable to attack the Death Star II until its shield was destroyed, the Rebel Fleet focused its attack on the Star Destroyers. Although its starfighters were able to maneuver easily around the Death Star II, they were still vulnerable to the battle station's superlaser, which destroyed the Liberty and the Nautilian . [ 114 ]

On Endor, the rebel strike team ended up allying with the native Ewoks , who used their knowledge of their homeworld's forests to take the Imperial army by surprise. The strike team was finally able to destroy the shield generator after a lengthy ground battle, allowing its starfleet to attack the Empire's dreaded superweapon. General Calrissian flew the Millennium Falcon into the Death Star with Antilles, Norra Wexley , Keir Santage , Jake Farrell , and another A-wing pilot. They flew through the shafts and were pursued by several TIEs, which gunned down Keir's X-wing starfighter. Calrissian then ordered the group to split up, and Farrell, Wexley and the other A-wing pilot flew down another shaft to lure TIEs back out. Calrissian and Antilles then made it to the reactor core and destroyed the battle station's power plant before retreating back out as the Death Star began to detonate. During an attack on the Executor , Green Leader Commander Arvel Crynyd 's A-wing was crippled and crashed into the bridge, killing Admiral Firmus Piett and his staff. Having already taken considerable damage from the Alliance's starfighters, the Executor failed and drifted into the Death Star's gravity well, detonating on impact. [ 114 ]

Meanwhile, aboard the station, a blow of an entirely different kind was struck against the Empire. A captive Luke Skywalker, now a JediKnight in his own right, appealed to Vader's paternal love, convincing him to turn on his Master. Vader—once again Anakin Skywalker—seized the Imperial Head of State and hurled him down a shaft to his death, but at the cost of his own life. The Death Star II soon exploded from the damages to its core. With the loss of Emperor Palpatine and his apprentice, the destruction of the Death Star II, and significant losses inflicted on the Imperial Fleet, the Imperials were forced to withdraw. The Empire suffered a decisive defeat, leaving the Rebels to celebrate in victory. [ 114 ]

Founding a New Republic [ ]

In the days following the Battle of Endor, news of the Emperor's death spread to several worlds across the galaxy including Tatooine, Naboo , Bespin, and Coruscant despite many attempts by the Empire to conceal the fact and declare this information to be false. While there was much celebration, [ 114 ] a riot broke out at Coruscant's Monument Plaza . [ 18 ] With the Empire in turmoil, the Rebel Alliance launched an assault on an Imperial outpost on the far side of Endor. This attack was led by General Solo and uncovered a lot of data and communications on Imperial plans. [ 115 ]

The Rebel Alliance was eventually reorganized into the New Republic . The new government, however, still had to contend with Imperial holdouts. But luckily, the Emperor's contingency plan had the Empire thrown into chaos with Operation: Cinder turning them on their loyal planets. [ 115 ]

One year after the destruction of the second Death Star, [ 17 ] Republic and Imperial forces fought a major battle on the desert world of Jakku , which saw a Republic victory and the end of the Galactic Civil War. [ 116 ] The Alliance also dispatched shock troopers to eliminate former Imperials that became warlords . The shock troopers were later assigned peacekeeping roles after the formation of the New Republic. [ 117 ]

The symbol of the Alliance to Restore the Republic was used in the insignia of the New Republic [ 18 ] and later became the emblem of the Resistance , a military force founded by Rebel veteran Leia and made up of several Alliance officers , such as Ackbar and Caluan Ematt , to combat the First Order , the successor of the Empire. [ 118 ] During the Bail Organa statue-dedication ceremony [ 87 ] in 28 ABY , [ 119 ] speeches were delivered by Senators Tai-Lin Garr and Organa that reminded the gathered audience of the sacrifices made by the Rebel Alliance, which were further reinforced by an air show performed by Republic X-wings. [ 87 ]

The Archivist recorded in her holocron her belief that empires required enemies, to give their soldiers targets and a reason to enforce fear. Remarking that Palpatine was very cunning in cultivating enemies in his time as both Supreme Chancellor and Emperor, she suggested that he created the Rebellion to maintain the cycle of violence. When her holocron was later discovered by Luke Skywalker and Leia Organa, they remarked that though the Archivist was incorrect regarding Palpatine being the Alliance's founder, he certainly did use it to his advantage. [ 120 ]

The Alliance to Restore the Republic was a military resistance movement, which was headed by the Alliance High Command and dedicated to upholding the ideals of the Old Republic, [ 121 ] but also contained the Alliance Civil Government . The Alliance Cabinet served as political High Command, existing separate from the Alliance Military High Command, and represented both civilian and military interests. [ 7 ] [ 6 ] It was led by a Chief of State and had six cabinet posts: Minister of Education , Minister of Finance , Minister of Industry , Minister of State , Minister of Supply , and Minister of War . [ 6 ]

The Alliance frequently changed its base of operations, ranging from numerous worlds across the galaxy in order to avoid detection or regroup from an attack by its nemesis, the massive Galactic Empire. A diplomatic corps who sought to maintain friendly relations and procure support from various worlds in the galaxy was maintained. [ 121 ] Despite this, the Alliance had few worlds openly declare their support for the movement, as those few that did found their worlds cordoned behind Imperial blockades. [ 104 ]

Members and starfighters of the Rebel Alliance military.

Prior to the Alliance's official founding, the various rebel cells operated their own military forces. As the cells began coordinating, joint military endeavors were often overseen by cell leaders such as Jun Sato of Phoenix Group, [ 56 ] Cham Syndulla of the Free Ryloth movement, [ 64 ] and Ryder Azadi of the Lothal resistance. [ 78 ] Rebel cells received information from "Fulcrum" intelligence operatives [ 122 ]

The formal Alliance Military was served by capable military leaders such as Admiral Gial Ackbar, and received intelligence updates through its own intelligence branch known as Rebel Alliance Intelligence Service . [ 110 ] [ 115 ] [ 114 ] It could also receive information through the Bothan spynet, and maintained the Alliance Fleet and Alliance Army , along with the Rebel Alliance Starfighter Corps. [ 99 ] Rebel troopers across the galaxy fought for an end to galactic Imperial rule in units, such as the Sixty-First Mobile Infantry and Thirty-Second Infantry , while the Alliance Special Forces was composed of elite commandos of the trooper ranks. [ 104 ] Owing to the larger size of the Imperial war machine, the Alliance relied on guerrilla warfare , [ 123 ] hit-and-run tactics, and surgical strikes [ 124 ] instead of outright engaging in a more typical war for territory. [ 104 ]

The Alliance Military will allow anyone in their ranks including imperial defectors, who left the Galactic Empire to join the Rebel Alliance. These individuals often made this choice after witnessing the Empire’s atrocities or experiencing personal betrayals. Imperial defector would greatly benefit the Alliance, such as: Han Solo , Crix Madine , Alexsandr Kallus , Wedge Antilles , Derek Klivian , Trey Callum , Lindon Javes , Iden Versio , Del Meeko , Jan Dodonna , Bodhi Rook , Jon Vander , and many more. [ 125 ] [ 126 ] [ 90 ] [ 127 ] [ 128 ]

The Alliance Military was controlled by a Commander-in-Chief and was divided into seven sections: Rebel Fleet Command , Rebel Alliance Starfighter Command , Sector Command , Rebel Alliance Intelligence Service, Rebel Alliance Special Forces, Ordnance and Supply , and Support Services . [ 6 ]

Behind the scenes [ ]

Dave Filoni , the supervising director of Star Wars: The Clone Wars animated television series, stated that he and George Lucas intended the Onderon rebels, seen in the Onderon arc, to be the first of many militias that were created by the Jedi during the Clone Wars, militias that would be brought together by characters such as Bail Organa and Mon Mothma to become the Rebel Alliance. [ 129 ]

The visual design of the Rebel Alliance in Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope was modelled on the costumes of the western genre and the United States Marine Corps . [ 130 ]

Star Wars: Force Arena

Star Wars: Galactic Defense

Star Wars: Starfighter Missions

Queen's Peril (and audiobook )

The Power of the Dark Side

Star Wars Battlefront II

Forces of Destiny: Daring Adventures: Volume 2 (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " The Cavalry Has Arrived " (Mentioned only)

Darth Vader (2017) 17 (Indirect mention only)

" The Song of Winter's Heart " — Life Day Treasury

Rebel Rising (and audiobook )

A New Dawn (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Han Solo - From Smuggler to General "

" Everyone's a Critic " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

Han Solo & Chewbacca 1 (Appears in flashforward(s))

Lost Stars (and audiobook )

Star Wars Rebels , Vol. 1

Leia Organa: Ordeal of the Princess (In flashback(s))

Forces of Destiny: The Leia Chronicles

Star Wars Rebels: Steps Into Shadow (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars Rebels — " Secret Cargo "

" The Beast Within " — Star Wars Rebels Animation 3

Star Wars Rebels — " Double Agent Droid "

Star Wars Rebels — " Twin Suns "

Star Wars Rebels — " Zero Hour "

Thrawn: Alliances (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Vader - Dark Visions 1

" The Witch & the Wookiee " — Myths & Fables (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

" Inbrief " — Star Wars Insider 161 (reprinted in Star Wars 2016 Del Rey Sampler ; Battlefront: Twilight Company ; Special Edition 2019 ; and Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 2 )

" The Kindling " — Life Day Treasury

The Mighty Chewbacca in the Forest of Fear! (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Secrets of the Empire

Star Wars Rebels: Heroes of Mandalore

" Not for Nothing " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Star Wars Rebels — " In the Name of the Rebellion "

" Never Far Behind " — Star Wars Rebels Magazine 39

Star Wars Rebels — " The Occupation "

Star Wars Rebels — " Flight of the Defender "

Star Wars Rebels — " Kindred "

Star Wars Rebels — " Crawler Commandeers "

" Red Four " — Marvel Comics 1000

Star Wars Rebels — " Rebel Assault "

Star Wars Rebels — " Jedi Night "

Thrawn: Treason (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Rebels — " DUME "

Star Wars Rebels — " Wolves and a Door "

Star Wars Rebels — " A World Between Worlds "

Star Wars Rebels — " A Fool's Hope "

Star Wars Rebels — " Family Reunion – and Farewell "

" The Sand Will Provide " — Star Wars (2015) 37 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Star Wars Adventures (2017) 25

Star Wars Adventures: Tales from Vader's Castle 1

Star Wars Adventures: Tales from Vader's Castle 2

Star Wars Adventures: Tales from Vader's Castle 3

Star Wars Adventures Free Comic Book Day 2019

Star Wars Adventures: Tales from Vader's Castle 4

Star Wars Adventures: Tales from Vader's Castle 5

Star Wars Adventures: Return to Vader's Castle 1

Star Wars Adventures: Return to Vader's Castle 2

Star Wars Adventures: Return to Vader's Castle 3

Vader - Dark Visions 2

Vader - Dark Visions 4

Vader - Dark Visions 5

" Hard Shutdown " — Darth Vader – Black, White & Red 1 (Mentioned only)

" Power " — Darth Vader – Black, White & Red 2

" Annihilated " — Darth Vader – Black, White & Red 3

Boba Fett — Black, White & Red 1

" Blood Moon Uprising " — Stories of Jedi and Sith (and audiobook )

" Stolen Valor " — Age of Rebellion Special 1

" The Baptist " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Andor — " Make It Stop " (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: Andor — " Who Else Knows? "

Star Wars: Andor — " Jedha, Kyber, Erso "

Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

Rogue One: A Star Wars Story novelization (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Rogue One: A Junior Novel (and audiobook )

Star Wars: Rogue One: Secret Mission

Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Graphic Novel Adaptation

Rogue One Adaptation 1

Rogue One Adaptation 2

Rogue One Adaptation 3

Rogue One Adaptation 4

Rogue One Adaptation 5

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Stormtroopers vs. Rebels – Soldiers of the Galactic Empire " (Mentioned only)

Rogue One Adaptation 6

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Darth Vader - Power of the Dark Side "

" Raymus " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Of MSE-6 and Men " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Age of Rebellion - Grand Moff Tarkin 1

Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope (First appearance)

A New Hope: The Princess, the Scoundrel, and the Farm Boy (and audiobook )

Star Wars: A New Hope junior novelization

A New Hope Little Golden Book (and audiobook )

A New Hope Read-Along Storybook and CD

The Adventures of Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight

Star Wars Treasury: The Original Trilogy

A Leader Named Leia (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Original Trilogy – A Graphic Novel

Star Wars: Heroes Path

Star Wars Battlefront

Escape from Darth Vader

" Escape from Darth Vader " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " R2-D2 - A Loyal Droid "

" The Bucket " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Princess Leia vs. Darth Vader - A Fearless Leader "

" The Sith of Datawork " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Trouble on Tatooine (and audiobook )

" The Red One " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" The Hero's Journey Begins " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Luke Skywalker - The Journey Begins "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Obi-Wan Kenobi "

" An Incident Report " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Change of Heart " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" The Secrets of Long Snoot " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Born in the Storm " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" A Bad Feeling About This " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" We Don't Serve Their Kind Here " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Han Solo - Galaxy's Best Smuggler "

" Verge of Greatness " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Added Muscle " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Eclipse " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Laina " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Chewie vs. Holochess - Let the Wookiee Win "

Trapped in the Death Star!

" The Trigger " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Rescue of Princess Leia " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Princess Leia – The Rescue "

" Bump " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " R2-D2 and C3PO – Trash Compactor Rescue "

" Escape from the Death Star " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" Time of Death " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Palpatine " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Contingency Plan " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Sparks " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" The Battle of Yavin " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" Desert Son " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" Duty Roster " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Han Solo – Taking Flight for his Friends "

" Grounded " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Luke vs. the Death Star - X-wing Assault "

Battlefront II: Inferno Squad (and audiobook )

" By Whatever Sun " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook )

" The Angle " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Appears in hologram)

Smuggler's Run: A Han Solo & Chewbacca Adventure (and audiobook )

Han and the Rebel Rescue (reprinted in Galactic Adventures Storybook Collection ) (and audiobook )

Smuggler's Run animated comic

Star Wars Adventures: Smuggler's Run 1

Star Wars Adventures: Smuggler's Run 2

" Last Call at the Zero Angle " — Star Wars Insider 156 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 2 ) (Mentioned only)

Age of Rebellion - Han Solo 1

" One Thousand Levels Down " — Star Wars Insider 151 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 1 ) (Mentioned only)

Princess Leia 3 (Mentioned only)

Lando 1 (Mentioned only)

Lando 2 (Mentioned only)

" The Princess and the Bog, A Twin Tale, Part 1 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 7

" The Princess and the Bog, A Twin Tale, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 8

Chewie and the Courageous Kid (reprinted in Galactic Adventures Storybook Collection )

Chewbacca (2015) 3 (Mentioned only)

" Swoop Racers " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 21

" The Lost Eggs of Livorno " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2018

" Rabbit Hunt " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2020

" The Bridge " — Age of Resistance Special 1

Star Wars Annual (2015) 4

Heir to the Jedi (and audiobook )

The Weapon of a Jedi: A Luke Skywalker Adventure (and audiobook )

Luke and the Lost Jedi Temple (and audiobook )

Star Wars Adventures: The Weapon of a Jedi 1

" The Weapon of a Jedi, Part 1 " — Star Wars Magazine 19

" The Weapon of a Jedi, Part 2 " — Star Wars Magazine 20

" The Weapon of a Jedi, Part 3 " — Star Wars Magazine 21

" The Weapon of a Jedi, Part 4 " — Star Wars Magazine 22

Choose Your Destiny: A Luke & Leia Adventure (and audiobook )

Darth Vader (2015) 1 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Annual (2015) 1

Doctor Aphra: An Audiobook Original

Darth Vader (2015) 2 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Darth Vader (2015) 3 (Mentioned only)

Darth Vader (2015) 5 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Darth Vader (2015) 6 (In flashback(s))

Darth Vader (2015) 7 (Vision to Darth Vader)

Darth Vader (2015) 8 (Mentioned only)

Darth Vader (2015) 10 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Darth Vader (2015) 11 (Mentioned only)

Darth Vader (2015) 12

Darth Vader Annual 1 (Mentioned only)

Darth Vader (2015) 13

Darth Vader (2015) 14

Darth Vader (2015) 15

Darth Vader (2015) 16 (Mentioned only)

Darth Vader (2015) 25 (Mentioned only)

" Diplomatic Impunity " — Darth Vader – Black, White & Red 3

" Droid Dilemma " — Star Wars (2015) 25 (reprinted in Droids Unplugged 1 )

Star Wars Annual (2015) 2

Doctor Aphra (2016) 3 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 4 (Mentioned only)

The Screaming Citadel 1

Doctor Aphra (2016) 7

Doctor Aphra (2016) 8

" The Trouble at Tibrin " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 4

" The Trouble at Tibrin, Part II " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 5

Star Wars (2015) 34 (Mentioned only)

" Mind Your Manners " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2018

Star Wars Annual (2015) 3

" Shu-Torun Lives " — Star Wars (2015) 50 (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra Annual 1 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 9 (Indirectly mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 13 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 14 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 15 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 16 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 17

Doctor Aphra (2016) 18

Doctor Aphra (2016) 19

Doctor Aphra (2016) 20

Doctor Aphra (2016) 21

Doctor Aphra (2016) 22

Doctor Aphra (2016) 23

Doctor Aphra (2016) 25

Doctor Aphra (2016) 27 (Impersonated)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 30 (Appears in hologram)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 31 (Mentioned only)

The Last Jedi – The Storms of Crait 1

" For the Love of the Empire " — A New Legacy 1

Doctor Aphra (2016) 32

Doctor Aphra (2016) 33

Doctor Aphra (2016) 34

Doctor Aphra (2016) 35

Doctor Aphra (2016) 36

Doctor Aphra (2016) 37 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2016) 38

Doctor Aphra (2016) 39

Doctor Aphra (2016) 40

" Epilogue " — Empire Ascendant 1

" An Echo of Victory " — Empire Ascendant 1

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Beasts of Echo Base "

" Gift of Light " — Life Day 1

" Squad Goals, Part One " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 11

" Squad Goals, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 12

Age of Rebellion - Boba Fett 1

" A Matter Of Perception " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 22

" A Rebel Bounty " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2020

Battlefront: Twilight Company (and audiobook )

" Hunger " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" Luke on the Bright Side " — Stories of Jedi and Sith (and audiobook )

" In Service to the Empire " — Empire Ascendant 1

" Two Sides to Every Sortie " — Empire Ascendant 1

" In the Lair of the Dragon Slug " — Tales from the Rancor Pit

Forces of Destiny—Leia

Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back

The Empire Strikes Back: So You Want to Be a Jedi? (and audiobook )

Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back junior novelization

The Empire Strikes Back Little Golden Book (and audiobook )

The Empire Strikes Back Read-Along Storybook and CD

" The Battle of Hoth " — 5-Minute Star Wars Stories (and audiobook )

" Eyes of the Empire " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" A Good Kiss " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" Survival on Hoth " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" Ion Control " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" Rogue Two " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" She Will Keep Them Warm " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Luke vs. the Wampa - Cavern Escape "

" Size Matters Not " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" Heroes of the Rebellion " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Battle of Hoth "

" AT-AT Attack! " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" The Truest Duty " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" Kendal " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Against All Odds " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Luke vs. Imperial Walkers - Commander on Hoth "

" Beyond Hope " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" Tales of Villainy: Invasion of Echo Base " — Star Wars Adventures (2020) 1

" An Unusual Hiding Place " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" Rendezvous Point " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" The Trial of Dagobah " — Age of Rebellion Special 1

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Han Solo vs. the Space Slug - The Escape Artist "

" The Final Order " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Luke Skywalker Trains with Master Yoda "

" Faith in an Old Friend " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Yoda – The Jedi Master "

" Disturbance " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Amara Kel's Rules for TIE Pilot Survival (Probably) " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " The Path Ahead "

" Vergence " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" STET! " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" Wait for It " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Boba Fett - The Bounty Hunter "

" Betrayal at Bespin " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Rendezvous at Bespin "

" No Time for Poetry " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Captured on Cloud City

" Into the Clouds " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" Due on Batuu " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" The Witness " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

" The Revelation " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Clash on Cloud City "

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Luke Skywalker vs. Darth Vader – Join Me "

" The Man Who Built Cloud City " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Bespin Escape " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Backup Backup Plan " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Darth Vader (2020) 1 (In flashback(s))

" Right-Hand Man " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

Darth Vader (2020) 5 (Mentioned only)

Darth Vader (2020) 6 (In flashback(s))

Darth Vader (2020) 8 (In flashback(s))

Darth Vader (2020) 10 (In flashback(s))

Darth Vader (2020) 11 (Vision to Darth Vader)

Bounty Hunters 1 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Bounty Hunters 3 (Mentioned only)

Bounty Hunters 6 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 1 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 6 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 7 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 8 (Mentioned only)

War of the Bounty Hunters Alpha 1 (In carbonite)

Bounty Hunters 11 (Mentioned only)

Bounty Hunters 12 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

War of the Bounty Hunters 1

Darth Vader (2020) 12 (In flashback(s))

Darth Vader (2020) 14 (In carbonite)

Darth Vader (2020) 13 (In flashback(s))

Bounty Hunters 14 (In carbonite) (In flashback(s))

War of the Bounty Hunters 2

Doctor Aphra (2020) 12 (In carbonite)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 13 (In carbonite)

War of the Bounty Hunters 3

Darth Vader (2020) 16

War of the Bounty Hunters 4

War of the Bounty Hunters 5

Darth Vader (2020) 17

Doctor Aphra (2020) 15

War of the Bounty Hunters – IG-88 1 (In carbonite)

Crimson Reign 1 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 16 (Mentioned only)

Bounty Hunters 18 (Mentioned only)

Crimson Reign 3 (In flashback(s))

Darth Vader (2020) 18 (In flashback(s))

Darth Vader (2020) 20 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Darth Vader (2020) 21 (Mentioned only)

Darth Vader (2020) 24 (In flashback(s))

Darth Vader (2020) 25 (Mentioned only)

Bounty Hunters 25 (Mentioned only)

Bounty Hunters 26 (Mentioned only)

Crimson Reign 5 (In carbonite) (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra (2020) 21

Doctor Aphra (2020) 23

Doctor Aphra (2020) 24

Doctor Aphra (2020) 25

Doctor Aphra (2020) 26

Doctor Aphra (2020) 27

Revelations (2022) 1 (Vision to Darth Vader)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 28

Doctor Aphra (2020) 29

Hidden Empire 4 (Mentioned only)

Hidden Empire 5 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 30

Doctor Aphra (2020) 31

Bounty Hunters 30 (In flashback(s))

Bounty Hunters 31 (Mentioned only)

Darth Vader (2020) 32 (In flashback(s))

Darth Vader (2020) 34 (Vision to Sabé)

Darth Vader (2020) 35 (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra (2020) 32

Doctor Aphra (2020) 33

Doctor Aphra (2020) 34

Bounty Hunters 36 (In flashback(s))

" Return to Echo Base " — Free Comic Book Day 2024: Star Wars 1

" The Book of Ajax " — Dark Droids: D-Squad 1 (In flashback(s))

Doctor Aphra (2020) 36

Doctor Aphra (2020) 37

Dark Droids: D-Squad 1

Dark Droids: D-Squad 2

Dark Droids: D-Squad 3

Dark Droids: D-Squad 4

Doctor Aphra (2020) 38

Doctor Aphra (2020) 39

Darth Vader (2020) 41

Bounty Hunters 41 (In carbonite)

Doctor Aphra (2020) 40

" A Trick of the Mind " — Revelations (2023) 1 (Voice only)

" Tool of the Empire " — Revelations (2023) 1

Darth Vader (2020) 42

Darth Vader (2020) 43

Darth Vader (2020) 44 (Mentioned only)

Darth Vader (2020) 45 (In flashback(s))

" The Curse " — Free Comic Book Day 2024: Star Wars 1 (Appears in hologram)

Darth Vader (2020) 46

Darth Vader (2020) 47

Darth Vader (2020) 48

Darth Vader (2020) 49

Darth Vader (2020) 50

" Return to Hoth " — Darth Vader – Black, White & Red 4

Return of the Jedi – The Empire 1 (Mentioned only)

Moving Target: A Princess Leia Adventure (and audiobook )

Leia and the Great Island Escape (and audiobook )

Return of the Jedi – Lando 1

Hyperspace Stories 12

Tales From the Nightlands 2

Age of Rebellion - Luke Skywalker 1

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Bounty Hunted "

Age of Rebellion - Princess Leia 1

Tales from the Rancor Pit

" Wolf Trap " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Trooper Trouble " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Return of the Jedi – The Rebellion 1

" Dune Sea Songs of Salt and Moonlight " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

" Galactic Tales: Valnir and Laizhu " — Star Wars Insider 222

Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Jedi

Star Wars: Return of the Jedi junior novelization

Return of the Jedi: Beware the Power of the Dark Side! (and audiobook )

Return of the Jedi Little Golden Book (and audiobook )

Return of the Jedi Read-Along Storybook and CD

Rescue from Jabba's Palace

" Rescue from Jabba's Palace " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

Return of the Jedi – Jabba's Palace 1

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Leia and Han - The Han Rescue "

" The Plan " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

" Kickback " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

" Fortuna Favors the Bold " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

" Satisfaction " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook ) (Appears through imagination)

" Reputation " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

" Fancy Man " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

" My Mouth Never Closes " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

" The Chronicler " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

" Kernels and Husks " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" From a Certain Point of View " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

" No Contingency " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

" The Burden of Leadership " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

" Gone to the Winner's Circle " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

" Divine (?) Intervention " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

" The Buy-In " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

" The Ballad of Nanta " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

TIE Fighter 2 (Mentioned only)

TIE Fighter 4 (Mentioned only)

" Return to Dagobah " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" The Light That Falls " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

" Masters " — Stories of Jedi and Sith (and audiobook )

" When Fire Marked the Sky " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

" The Extra Five Percent " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

" Blade Squadron " — Star Wars Insider 149 – 150 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 1 )

" Flight and Fight! " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

Return of the Jedi: The Battle of Endor

" One Normal Day " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Princess Leia - An Unexpected Friend "

" Leia and the Ewoks " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Ewok Escape "

" The Man Who Captured Luke Skywalker " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

" Ackbar " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi

" The Impossible Flight of Ash Angels " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

" Ending Protocol " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

" The Last Flight " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

" Twenty and Out " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

" Impact " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

" The Final Duel " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" The Battle for Endor " — The Original Trilogy Stories (and audiobook )

" The Emperor's Red Guards " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures — " Luke vs. Emperor Palpatine - Rise to Evil "

" The Levers of Power " — The Rise of the Empire

" To the Last " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Then Fall, Sidious " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

" Brotherhood " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook )

" Galactic Tales: Shockwave " — Star Wars Insider 220

" Galactic Tales: Lost in the Woods " — Star Wars Insider 221

" The Veteran " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 1

" The Rising " — Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 1 (In flashback(s))

" The Steadfast Soldier " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " An Imperial Feast "

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Traps and Tribulations "

Star Wars Forces of Destiny — " Chopper and Friends "

The Princess and the Scoundrel (and audiobook )

Return of the Jedi – Max Rebo 1 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Adventures: Shadow of Vader's Castle (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 2 (In flashback(s))

Ewoks (2024) 1 (In flashback(s))

Ewoks (2024) 2 (Mentioned only)

Ewoks (2024) 3 (Indirectly mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Ewoks (2024) 4 (Mentioned only)

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 3 (Mentioned only)

Battle of Jakku — Insurgency Rising 4 (Mentioned only)

" A Race for Answers " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 23

" Turning Point " — Star Wars Insider 169 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 2 )

" Blade Squadron: Zero Hour " — Star Wars Insider 160 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 1 )

" Hare-Brained Heist " — Star Wars Adventures Annual 2019 (Mentioned only)

Alphabet Squadron (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Aftermath (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 1 (Picture only)

Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 3 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars Adventures: Ghosts of Vader's Castle 5 (Indirect mention only)

The Light You Bring on Electronic Arts ' official website ( article ) ( backup link ) (Mentioned only)

Count to Three on Electronic Arts ' official website ( article ) ( backup link ) (Mentioned only)

Shadow Fall: An Alphabet Squadron Novel (and audiobook ) (In flashback(s))

Aftermath: Life Debt (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Battle of Jakku — Republic Under Siege 1 (In flashback(s))

Battle of Jakku — Republic Under Siege 2 (Mentioned only)

Battle of Jakku — Republic Under Siege 3 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

" The Ghost Ship " — Star Wars Adventures: Destroyer Down (Mentioned only)

Battle of Jakku — Republic Under Siege 4 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 1 (Mentioned only)

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 2 (Mentioned only)

Victory's Price: An Alphabet Squadron Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Aftermath: Empire's End (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 3 (Mentioned only)

Battle of Jakku — Last Stand 4 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 1 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 2 (Mentioned only)

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 3 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 4 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Doctor Aphra – Chaos Agent 5 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Star Wars (2025) 1 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2025) 2 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars (2025) 3 (In carbonite) (In flashback(s))

Hyperspace Stories Annual—Jaxxon 2023 (Mentioned only)

Last Shot (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Hunters: Battle for the Arena (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Mandalorian Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Mandalorian: Season 1: Volume 1 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 4: Sanctuary " (Mentioned only)

The Mandalorian: The Manga , Vol. 3 (Mentioned only)

The Mandalorian 5 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

The Mandalorian: The Manga , Vol. 4 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 7: The Reckoning " (Mentioned only)

The Mandalorian 7 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 8: Redemption " (Mentioned only)

The Mandalorian: A Clan of Two (Mentioned only)

The Mandalorian 8 (Mentioned only)

The Mandalorian Season 2 Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 15: The Believer " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 18: The Mines of Mandalore " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 19: The Convert " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 21: The Pirate " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part One: Master and Apprentice " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Two: Toil and Trouble " (Emblem only)

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Seven: Dreams and Madness " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: Ahsoka — " Part Eight: The Jedi, the Witch, and the Warlord " (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron: Free Fall (and audiobook ) (Appears through imagination)

Shadow of the Sith (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Scorched " — Star Wars Insider 165 (reprinted in Star Wars Insider: The Fiction Collection Volume 2 ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars (2020) 50 (In flashback(s))

Bloodline (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Legends of Luke Skywalker (and audiobook )

" All Creatures Great and Small " (reprinted in Tales from a Galaxy Far, Far Away: Aliens: Volume I ) (Mentioned only)

" True Love " — Tales from a Galaxy Far, Far Away: Aliens: Volume I (Mentioned only)

Han Solo - Hunt for the Falcon 1 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Han Solo - Hunt for the Falcon 2 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

Han Solo - Hunt for the Falcon 3 (In flashback(s))

Life Day 1 (Mentioned only; in the opening crawl)

" Kidnapped! " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 24 (Mentioned only)

Before the Awakening (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Force Collector (and audiobook ) (Vision to Karr Nuq Sin)

Age of Resistance - General Hux 1 (Mentioned only)

Join the Resistance (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 7 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 8 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 9 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 13 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 14 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 17 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 18 (Mentioned only)

Poe Dameron 20 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Resistance — " The Recruit " (Mentioned only)

" The Recruit - Part 1 " — Star Wars Resistance Animation 1 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Resistance — " Fuel for the Fire " (Mentioned only)

" Fuel for the Fire " — Star Wars Resistance Animation 4 (Mentioned only)

The Last Jedi: Cobalt Squadron (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Choose Your Destiny: A Scavenger Mission (Mentioned only)

" Destroyer Down " — Star Wars Adventures: Destroyer Down (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Episode VII The Force Awakens (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Force Awakens novelization (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Force Awakens: A Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Force Awakens Little Golden Book (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Force Awakens Graphic Novel Adaptation (Mentioned only)

The Force Awakens: Rey's Story (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Force Awakens: Finn's Story (Mentioned only)

The Force Awakens Adaptation 2 (In flashback(s))

Finn & Rey Escape! (and audiobook )

Han & Chewie Return! (In flashback(s))

Join the Resistance: Attack on Starkiller Base (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Adventures Ashcan (In flashback(s))

" The Ride " — Canto Bight (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars : Episode VIII The Last Jedi (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Last Jedi: A Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

The Last Jedi Adaptation 2 (Indirect mention only)

The Last Jedi Adaptation 5 (Mentioned only)

The Last Jedi Adaptation 6 (Mentioned only)

" Life Lessons " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 26 (In flashback(s))

" Legacy of Vaneé " — Free Comic Book Day 2025: Star Wars 1 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

Legacy of Vader 3 (Vision to Kylo Ren)

Legacy of Vader 6 (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Resistance — " Rendezvous Point " (Mentioned only)

Resistance Reborn (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Path of the Lightsaber , Vol. 1 (Appears through imagination)

Star Wars Resistance — " Breakout " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Resistance — " The New World " (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Resistance — " No Place Safe " (Mentioned only)

Allegiance 2 (Mentioned only)

Allegiance 4 (In flashback(s))

Spark of the Resistance (and audiobook ) (Indirect mention only)

" Flight of the Falcon, Part 3: Home Again " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 16 (In flashback(s))

Star Wars : Datapad (Mentioned only)

" Tales from Wild Space: The Flat Mountain of Yavin " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 2

" Tales from Wild Space: Adventures in Wookiee-Sitting " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 3

" Tales from Wild Space: Mattis Makes a Stand " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 4 (Appears through imagination)

" Tales from Wild Space: Look Before You Leap " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 7

" Tales from Wild Space: Gonk! " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 8

" Tales from Wild Space: Family Affair, Part 2 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 11 (Mentioned only)

" Tales from Wild Space: The Heist " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 21 (Mentioned only) (In flashback(s))

" Tales from Wild Space: A Tauntaun Tail " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 22 (In flashback(s))

" The Lost Stories, Part 3 " — Star Wars Adventures (2017) 32 (Picture only)

The Jaws of Jakku (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: Expanded Edition (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: A Junior Novel (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Whills " — From a Certain Point of View (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" The Whills Strike Back " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

" Return of the Whills " — From a Certain Point of View: Return of the Jedi (and audiobook ) (Mentioned only)

Ghosts of Dathomir (as Alliance)

Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes (Non- canonical appearance)

Non-canon appearances [ ]

LEGO Star Wars: A New Hope DK Reader

Star Wars: Battle Pod

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Exit from Endor "

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Mission to Mos Eisley "

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Flight of the Falcon "

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales — " Gambit on Geonosis "

LEGO Star Wars: Droid Tales Episodes I-III

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " A Hero Discovered "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Zander's Joyride "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Lost Treasure of Cloud City "

LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Crossing Paths "

Star Wars: Trials on Tatooine (Mentioned only in opening crawl)

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Showdown on Hoth " (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Duel of Destiny " (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Return of the Kyber Saber "

Rogue One: Recon A Star Wars 360 Experience

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Beware, the Gamorrean Flu! "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Home One "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Rowan's Secret Adventure "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Thrown Into Battle "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Zander Freemaker, Superstar Pilot Guy! "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " A New Home "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Trouble on Tibalt "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Tower of Alistan Nor "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Embersteel Blade "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Storms of Taul "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Return to the Wheel "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Lost Crystals of Qalydon "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " The Pit and the Pinnacle " (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Flight of the Arrowhead "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " A Perilous Rescue "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Escape from Coruscant "

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Free Fall " (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures — " Return of the Return of the Jedi "

LEGO Star Wars: All-Stars — " Scouting for Leia " (Mentioned only)

LEGO Star Wars: All-Stars — " A Mission with Maz " (Mentioned only)

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Reindeer Walker "

" The Dragonsnake Saves R2-D2 " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back (and audiobook )

LEGO Star Wars Terrifying Tales (In flashback(s))

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " New Year's Hothin' Eve "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Droid Holiday Hustle "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " May the Fourth "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Vader's Vacation "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " Chewie's Holiday Cheer Up "

LEGO STAR WARS: Celebrate the Season — " LEGO Star Wars - 25 Years "

The Clone Wars Episode Guide: Shadow of Malevolence on StarWars.com ( original site is defunct)

Star Wars: A Galaxy at War

"Shadow of Malevolence" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

A-wing fighter in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Ackbar in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Alderaan cruiser in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

B-wing fighter in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Biggs Darklighter in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Captain Antilles in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Chewbacca in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Death Star in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Lando Calrissian in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Millennium Falcon in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Mon Calamari in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Mon Calamari star cruiser in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Rebel Alliance in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct) (First identified as Alliance to Restore the Republic)

Rebel Pilots in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Rebel Troopers in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

snowspeeder in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

X-wing starfighter in the Encyclopedia ( original site is defunct)

Star Wars Rebels and More at San Diego Comic-Con 2014 - UPDATED! on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SDCC 2014: "The Heroes of Star Wars Rebels " Panel - Liveblog on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Darth Vader

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Darth Vader Databank A-Z: Ask Aak–Stass Allie

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Darth Vader Highlights of the Saga: Duel in Cloud City

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Darth Vader Weapons & Uniforms: Imperial High Command

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boba Fett

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boba Fett Databank A-Z: Alzoc III–Antilles

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boba Fett Weapons & Uniforms: Bounty Hunters

" Rebel Rouser: Greg Weisman " — Star Wars Insider 152 (reprinted in Special Edition 2017 )

" The Making of A New Dawn " — Star Wars Insider 152

" Classic Moment: Lando's Second Surprise " — Star Wars Insider 152

" Blaster " — Star Wars Insider 152

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Stormtrooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Stormtrooper Helmets: Imperial Stormtroopers (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Stormtrooper Highlights of the Saga: A Daring Rescue

UPDATED: Crush the Rebellion or Restore Freedom in Star Wars: Commander on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: Galactic Defense on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Luke Skywalker (X-Wing Pilot)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Luke Skywalker (X-Wing Pilot) Helmets: Luke Skywalker — X-wing Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Luke Skywalker (X-Wing Pilot) Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Yavin

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Luke Skywalker (X-Wing Pilot) Weapons & Uniforms: Alliance Pilots

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scout Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scout Trooper Databank A-Z: Bongo–Bowcaster

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scout Trooper Helmets: Scout Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scout Trooper Highlights of the Saga: Sabotage Mission

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scout Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Ewoks

Death Troopers Invade Star Wars: Commander - Exclusive! on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : TIE Fighter Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : TIE Fighter Pilot Databank A-Z: Jar Jar Binks–B'omarr Order

Star Wars Helmet Collection : TIE Fighter Pilot Helmets: TIE Fighter Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : TIE Fighter Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: The Imperial Fleet

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-3PO

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-3PO Databank A-Z: Wedge Antilles–Azmorigan

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-3PO Helmets: C-3PO, Protocol Droid (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-3PO Highlights of the Saga: Escape to Tatooine (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : C-3PO Weapons & Uniforms: Droid Servants (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Grievous Databank A-Z: Master Chief Bric–C-3PO

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-AT Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-AT Pilot Databank A-Z: C-21–Chandrila

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-AT Pilot Helmets: AT-AT Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-AT Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Ground Assault on Hoth

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-AT Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: Imperial Droids

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Cody Databank A-Z: Hydroid Medusas–Imperial Academies

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard Databank A-Z: Chewbacca–Cloud City

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Emperor's Royal Guard Weapons & Uniforms: Imperial Dignitaries

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Gunner

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Gunner Databank A-Z: Cosians–Dagobah

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Gunner Highlights of the Saga: The Death Star

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Boushh Databank A-Z: Cut Lawquane–Lothal

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jango Fett Databank A-Z: 'Occupier' Tank–Oola

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bacara Databank A-Z: Dooku–Dwarf Spider Droids

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: 2-1B - Medical Droid (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Admiral Ackbar - Rebel Leader

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Admiral Motti - Imperial Officer

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Admiral Ozzel - Imperial Officer

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Admiral Piett - Imperial Officer

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Biggs Darklighter - X-Wing Pilot

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: C-3PO - Asteroid Repair

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: C-3PO - Jabba the Hutt's Interpreter

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: C-3PO - Protocol Droid (ANH)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Captain Antilles - Tantive IV Captain

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Chewbacca - Rebel Alliance

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Chewbacca - Rebel Leader

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Chief Bast - Imperial Aide

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Chief Chirpa - Ewok Chief

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Dak Ralter - Snowspeeder Gunner

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Darth Vader - Search For Skywalker

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Darth Vader - Sith Lord (ANH)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Darth Vader - Sith Lord (ROTS)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Endor Rebel Trooper - Rebel Alliance

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Ewoks - Creature

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: FX-7 - Medical Droid

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Garven Dreis - Rebel Alliance

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: General Madine - Rebel Alliance

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: General Rieekan - Rebel Alliance

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: General Tagge - Galactic Empire

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: General Veers - Galactic Empire

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Han Solo - Corellian Smuggler

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Han Solo - Rebel Captain

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Han Solo - Rebel General

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Hobbie Klivian - Snowspeeder Gunner

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Imperial Officer - Soldier

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Jabba the Hutt - Gangster

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Jan Dodonna - Rebel General

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: John D. Branon - X-Wing Pilot

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Lando Calrissian - Rebel Alliance

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Logray - Ewok Medicine Man

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Luke Skywalker - Jedi Knight

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Luke Skywalker - Rebel Commander

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Momaw Nadon - Cantina Patron

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Mon Mothma - Rebel Leader

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Nien Nunb - Millennium Falcon Co-Pilot

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Princess Leia Organa - Alderaan Senator

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Princess Leia Organa - Rebel Leader (ESB)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Princess Leia Organa - Rebel Leader (ROTJ)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: R2-D2 - Astromech Droid (ESB)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: R2-D2 - Jabba's Sail Barge

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Rebel Fleet Trooper - Rebel Alliance

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Teebo - Ewok Scout

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Toryn Farr - Communications Officer

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Uncle Owen - Moisture Farmer

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Wedge Antilles - Rogue Leader

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Wedge Antilles - Snowspeeder pilot

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Wedge Antilles - X-Wing Pilot

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Wicket W. Warrick - Ewok Scout

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Base Series 1 , Card: Zev Senesca - Snowspeeder Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Stormtrooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Stormtrooper Databank A-Z: E-11 Blaster–Cornelius Evazan

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 501st Legion Stormtrooper Helmets: 501st Legion Stormtroopers

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Clone Pilot Databank A-Z: Moraband–Muftak

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Anakin Skywalker Databank A-Z: Ewoks–Finn

Star Wars Rebels: The Ultimate Guide (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Calrissian

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Calrissian Databank A-Z: GA-97–Geonosis

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Calrissian Helmets: Lando Calrissian

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Calrissian Highlights of the Saga: The Death of Jabba the Hutt

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Lando Calrissian Weapons & Uniforms: Jabba's Skiff Guards

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper Databank A-Z: Saw Gerrera–Commander Gree

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper Helmets: Rebel Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper Highlights of the Saga: The Capture of the Tantive IV

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Leaders of the Rebel Alliance

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Naboo Pilot Databank A-Z: Poe Dameron–Delta 7-B

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Commando

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Commando Databank A-Z: Hassk Triplets–Holograms

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Commando Helmets: Rebel Commando

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Commando Highlights of the Saga: Assault on Endor

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Commando Weapons & Uniforms: Princess Leia Organa

Coming Soon to Your Personal Jedi Archives: Journey to Star Wars: The Force Awakens - Sneak Peek! on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : MagnaGuard Databank A-Z: The HoloNet–General Hux

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tusken Raider Databank A-Z: Rush Clovis–Coruscant

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Y-wing Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Y-wing Pilot Databank A-Z: Imperial Future Council–Inquisitorius

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Y-wing Pilot Helmets: Y-wing Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Y-wing Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: Yavin Base

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Gree Databank A-Z: InterGalactic Banking Clan–Jakku

Star Wars: Star Pilot

Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know

Star Wars: Ships of the Galaxy

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Coruscant Emergency Crew Databank A-Z: Queen Jamillia–Jedi Temples

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Jelucan–Lord Junn

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper Helmets: Snowtrooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper Highlights of the Saga: The Empire Strikes Back!

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Snowtrooper Weapons & Uniforms: Imperial Fleet

Star Wars: Build the Millennium Falcon 39 Guide to the Galaxy: Hoth Asteroid Belt

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-ST Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-ST Pilot Databank A-Z: Dengar–Domino Squad

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-ST Pilot Helmets: AT-ST Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-ST Pilot Highlights of the Saga: The Second Death Star

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Utapau Clone Trooper Databank A-Z: Kyber Crystals–Laser Cannons

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Neyo Databank A-Z: Admiral Kilian–Kowakian

The Art of Star Wars: Uprising (as Rebel Alliance)

Star Wars: The Force Awakens: Incredible Cross-Sections

Star Wars: The Force Awakens: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Death Star Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Death Star Trooper Databank A-Z: Davish Krail–Kuat Drive Yards

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Death Star Trooper Highlights of the Saga: Alderaan Survives!

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Death Star Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Citizens of Alderaan

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Hoth Rebel Soldier

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Hoth Rebel Soldier Databank A-Z: Kel Dor–Ki-Adi-Mundi

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Hoth Rebel Soldier Helmets: Hoth Rebel Soldier

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Hoth Rebel Soldier Highlights of the Saga: Attack of the Wampa

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Hoth Rebel Soldier Weapons & Uniforms: Echo Base

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Odd Ball Databank A-Z: Petranaki Arena–Proton Torpedoes

Star Wars Helmet Collection : AT-RT Driver Databank A-Z: Luggabeast–Malakili

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Thire Databank A-Z: Baze Malbus–Darth Maul

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zam Wesell Databank A-Z: Kwazel Maw–Sly Moore

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Stormtrooper Databank A-Z: First Order–Fyrnocks

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Bly Databank A-Z: Admiral Wiskovis–The Works

Star Wars Expert Guide

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Phasma

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Phasma Databank A-Z: OOM-9–Viceroy Bail Organa

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Phasma Weapons & Uniforms: The New Republic

Star Wars: Build the Millennium Falcon 69 Secrets of Spaceflight: Smuggling Partnerships

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kylo Ren Highlights of the Saga: The Raid on Takodana

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Snowtrooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Snowtrooper Databank A-Z: Zeb Orrelios–Pau City

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Snowtrooper Highlights of the Saga: Striking at the New Republic

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 4-LOM Weapons & Uniforms: Bespin's Cloud City

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Flametrooper Databank A-Z: Leia Organa

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ezra Bridger

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ezra Bridger Databank A-Z: Max Rebo–Sabacc

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ezra Bridger Helmets: Ezra Bridger

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ezra Bridger Highlights of the Saga: Leaving Lothal

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ezra Bridger Weapons & Uniforms: The Lothal Rebels

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Zuckuss Databank A-Z: Admiral Yularen–Zarro

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Poe Dameron

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Poe Dameron Helmets: Poe Dameron

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Poe Dameron Weapons & Uniforms: The Resistance

Star Wars: The Force Awakens Beginner Game

Star Wars Helmet Collection : A-wing Fighter Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : A-wing Fighter Pilot Databank A-Z: The X-wing Starfighter

Star Wars Helmet Collection : A-wing Fighter Pilot Helmets: A-wing Fighter Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : A-wing Fighter Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Joining Phoenix Squadron

Star Wars Helmet Collection : A-wing Fighter Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: Green Squadron

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order TIE Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order TIE Pilot Databank A-Z: Sabe–The Separatist Council

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order TIE Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Fire on Jakku

Star Wars: Aliens of the Galaxy

Much to Learn You Still Have: 10 Things You Might Not Know About Mon Calamari on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Biggs Darklighter Helmets: Biggs Darklighter

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Inquisitor Databank A-Z: Soulless One –Super Battle Droids

Star Wars: Complete Locations

Star Wars: The Black Series (Pack: #022: Jyn Erso (Jedha) ) ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren Databank A-Z: Darth Vader

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren Helmets: Sabine Wren

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren Highlights of the Saga: The Darksaber

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sabine Wren Weapons & Uniforms: Mandalorians

Star Wars: X-Wing Deluxe Book and Model Set

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jess Pava

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jess Pava Databank A-Z: Luke Skywalker–Han Solo

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jess Pava Helmets: Jessika Pava

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jess Pava Weapons & Uniforms: D'Qar Resistance Base Personnel

Star Wars Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy

Poe Dameron: Flight Log

Star Wars: Galactic Atlas

Much to Learn You Still Have: 7 Things You Might Not Know About Sullustans on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Guavian Death Guard Databank A-Z: Hera Syndulla–Ahsoka Tano

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper Databank A-Z: Providence -class–Raxus

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper Helmets: Resistance Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper Highlights of the Saga: The Hunt for Luke Skywalker

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Resistance Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Heroes of the Resistance

Princess Leia: Royal Rebel

Star Wars: The Black Series (Pack: #031: AT-AT Driver ) ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Sidon Ithano Helmets: Sidon Ithano

Entertainment Weekly's Ultimate Guide to Rogue One

Art of Coloring: Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

Star Wars: Rogue One: Rebel Dossier

Star Wars: Rogue One: The Ultimate Visual Guide

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Nien Nunb

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Nien Nunb Databank A-Z: Tantive IV –Tatooine

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Nien Nunb Helmets: Nien Nunb

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Nien Nunb Highlights of the Saga: Operation Yellow Moon

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Nien Nunb Weapons & Uniforms: The Adventures of Nien Nunb

Star Wars : Destiny — Awakenings

Star Wars : Destiny — Awakenings Card: AT-ST ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars : Destiny — Awakenings Card: Abandon All Hope ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars : Destiny — Awakenings Card: Admiral Ackbar ( backup link ) (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Rex

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Rex Databank A-Z: Valorum–Vassek

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Rex Helmets: Captain Rex

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Captain Rex Highlights of the Saga: Finishing the Fight

Much to Learn You Still Have: Talking Rogue One Aliens with Pablo Hidalgo on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Kashyyyk Clone Trooper Databank A-Z: U'Il–Luminara Unduli

Where in the Galaxy Are the Worlds of Rogue One ? on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: Build Your Own R2-D2 1

Star Wars: Build Your Own R2-D2 1 Building the Galaxy: Designing R2-D2, Part 1

Star Wars: Build Your Own R2-D2 1 Droid Directory: R2-series Astromech Droids, Part 1

Star Wars: Build Your Own R2-D2 1 Understanding Robotics: LEDs

Star Wars: Build Your Own R2-D2 2

Star Wars: Build Your Own R2-D2 2 Building the Galaxy: Designing R2-D2, Part 2

Star Wars: Build Your Own R2-D2 2 Droid Directory: 3PO-series Protocol Droids, Part 1

Star Wars: Build Your Own R2-D2 3

Star Wars: Build Your Own R2-D2 3 Building the Galaxy: Motion Control Filming

Star Wars: Build Your Own R2-D2 3 Droid Directory: R2-series Astromech Droids, Part 2

Star Wars: Build Your Own R2-D2 4

Star Wars: Build Your Own R2-D2 4 Building the Galaxy: Filming R2-D2, Part 1 (Picture only)

Star Wars: Build Your Own R2-D2 4 Droid Directory: 3PO-series Protocol Droids, Part 2 (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Ponds Databank A-Z: Xev Xrexus–Yavin 4

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 2-1B Surgical Droid

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 2-1B Surgical Droid Databank A-Z: Tusken Raiders–Captain Typho

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 2-1B Surgical Droid Helmets: 2-1B Surgical Droid

Star Wars Helmet Collection : 2-1B Surgical Droid Weapons & Uniforms: 2-1Bs in the Galaxy

Darth Vader: Sith Lord

Star Wars: Build Your Own R2-D2 5

Star Wars: Build Your Own R2-D2 5 Building the Galaxy: Filming R2-D2, Part 2

Star Wars: Build Your Own R2-D2 5 Droid Directory: 2-1B-series Medical Droids, Part 1

Star Wars: Build Your Own R2-D2 6

Star Wars: Build Your Own R2-D2 6 Building the Galaxy: Filming R2-D2, Part 3

Star Wars: Build Your Own R2-D2 6 Droid Directory: EGL Power Droids

Star Wars: Build Your Own R2-D2 7 Building the Galaxy: The Star Wars Stunt Team (Picture only)

Star Wars: Build Your Own R2-D2 8 Droid Directory: Imperial Mark IV Sentry Droid (Picture only)

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Wedge Antilles

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Wedge Antilles Databank A-Z: Trident Assault Ship–Turbolasers

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Wedge Antilles Helmets: Wedge Antilles

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Wedge Antilles Weapons & Uniforms: Chopper Base — Atollon

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Naboo Royal Guard Databank A-Z: Tauntaun–TIE Craft

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Galactic Marine

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Galactic Marine Databank A-Z: Vulptex–Wampas

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Galactic Marine Weapons & Uniforms: The Jedi Purge

Star Wars: The Visual Encyclopedia

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ello Asty

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ello Asty Databank A-Z: Sabine Wren

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Ello Asty Weapons & Uniforms: Black Squadron

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Shoretrooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Shoretrooper Helmets: Shoretrooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Shoretrooper Highlights of the Saga: Battle on the Beach

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Shoretrooper Weapons & Uniforms: Creators of the Death Star

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Death Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Death Trooper Helmets: Death Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Death Trooper Highlights of the Saga: A Perilous Mission

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tank Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tank Trooper Databank A-Z: Saesee Tiin–Toydaria

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tank Trooper Highlights of the Saga: Target: The Holy City

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tank Trooper Weapons & Uniforms: Saw Gerrera's Partisans

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jek Porkins

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jek Porkins Databank A-Z: Zabrak–Zillo Beast

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jek Porkins Helmets: Jek Porkins

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jek Porkins Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Scarif

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Jek Porkins Weapons & Uniforms: Rebel Leaders at Yavin 4

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Blaster Training Helmet

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Blaster Training Helmet Helmets: Pilot/Training Helmet

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Blaster Training Helmet Highlights of the Saga: Luke's Journey in the Force

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Ground Crew

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Ground Crew Databank A-Z: Tractor Beams–Tri-Fighters

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Ground Crew Helmets: Imperial Ground Crew

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Imperial Ground Crew Weapons & Uniforms: Rogue One Commandos

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scarif Rebel Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scarif Rebel Trooper Databank A-Z: U-Wing–V-Wing

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scarif Rebel Trooper Helmets: Scarif Rebel Trooper

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Scarif Rebel Trooper Highlights of the Saga: Leaving Wobani

Star Wars Super Graphic: A Visual Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

Star Wars Forces of Destiny: Meet the Heroes

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Merrick

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Merrick Databank A-Z: Zam Wesell–Wexley

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Merrick Helmets: General Merrick

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Merrick Highlights of the Saga: The Battle of Scarif

Star Wars Helmet Collection : General Merrick Weapons & Uniforms: Blue Squadron

Star Wars: On the Front Lines

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Engineer

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Engineer Highlights of the Saga: Saving D'Qar

Star Wars Helmet Collection : First Order Engineer Weapons & Uniforms: The Finalizer

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tam Posla

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tam Posla Databank A-Z: VCX-100 Light Freighter–Veers

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tam Posla Helmets: Tam Posla

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Tam Posla Weapons & Uniforms: Inhabitants of Jedha

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Wolffe

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Wolffe Databank A-Z: Wicket Warrick–Weequay

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Wolffe Helmets: Commander Wolffe

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Wolffe Highlights of the Saga: Liberating Lothal

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Commander Wolffe Weapons & Uniforms: Grand Admiral Thrawn

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest Databank A-Z: Grand Master Yoda

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest Highlights of the Saga: The Battle for Jedha

Star Wars Helmet Collection : Silvanie Phest Weapons & Uniforms: The Ashes of Jedha

Créatures et peuples de la galaxie

Star Wars Helmet Collection : B-wing Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : B-wing Pilot Databank A-Z: Vibroblades–Cikatro Vizago

Star Wars Helmet Collection : B-wing Pilot Helmets: B-Wing Pilot

Star Wars Helmet Collection : B-wing Pilot Highlights of the Saga: Birth of the Blade Wing

Star Wars Helmet Collection : B-wing Pilot Weapons & Uniforms: Blade Squadron

Forces of Destiny: Tales of Hope & Courage

Star Wars: Geektionary: The Galaxy from A - Z

Star Wars: The Rebel Files

Star Wars: A-wing Deluxe Book and 3D Wood Model

Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Incredible Cross-Sections

Star Wars: The Last Jedi: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Ultimate Sticker Collection

The Last Jedi: Bomber Command

Star Wars: Lightsaber Battles

Star Wars Bust Collection : Darth Vader

Star Wars Bust Collection : Darth Vader Behind the Cameras: How the Death Star Was Created

Star Wars Bust Collection : Darth Vader Character: Darth Vader

Star Wars Bust Collection : Stormtrooper

Star Wars Bust Collection : Stormtrooper Behind the Cameras: Evolution of Stormtroopers

Star Wars Bust Collection : Stormtrooper Character: Stormtroopers

Star Wars: Legion Core Set

Star Wars: Legion Core Set Card: Luke Skywalker Reissued in Limited Edition Luke Skywalker Commander Expansion

Star Wars: Legion Core Set Card: Rebel Troopers Reissued in Rebel Troopers Unit Expansion and Rebel Troopers Upgrade Expansion

Star Wars Encyclopedia of Starfighters and Other Vehicles

Star Wars: Force Collection

Star Wars: Force Collection (Card: Admiral Ackbar (★))

Star Wars: Force Collection (Card: Tigran Jamiro (★))

The Last Jedi: Rose Tico: Resistance Fighter

Star Wars: X-Wing Miniatures Game — Saw's Renegades Expansion Pack Card: Leevan Tenza — X-Wing

Star Wars: The Black Series (Pack: #070: Han Solo (Bespin) ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition Core Set

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition Core Set Card: Black Squadron Ace — TIE/ln Fighter Reissued in TIE/ln Fighter Expansion Pack and Galactic Empire Conversion Kit

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition Core Set Card: Blue Squadron Escort — T-65 X-Wing Reissued in T-65 X-Wing Expansion Pack and Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition Core Set Card: R2-D2 (Rebel)

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition Core Set Card: R5-D8

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition Core Set Card: Red Squadron Veteran — T-65 X-Wing Reissued in T-65 X-Wing Expansion Pack and Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit

Star Wars: Build Your Own X-Wing 1

Star Wars: Build Your Own X-Wing 1 Creating a Starship Fleet: Ralph McQuarrie — The Man Who Drew Star Wars

Star Wars: Build Your Own X-Wing 1 Rocket Science: Fighter Design

Star Wars: Build Your Own X-Wing 1 Starfighter Aces: Luke Skywalker — Savior of the Rebel Alliance

Star Wars: Resistance Bomber Book and 3D Wood Model

Solo: A Star Wars Story: Tales from Vandor

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — BTL-A4 Y-Wing Expansion Pack Card: Gray Squadron Bomber — BTL-A4 Y-Wing Reissued in Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit Card: Baze Malbus

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit Card: Bistan

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit Card: Blue Squadron Pilot — A/SF-01 B-Wing Reissued in A/SF-01 B-Wing Expansion Pack and Phoenix Cell Squadron Pack

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit Card: Blue Squadron Scout — UT-60D U-Wing

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit Card: C-3PO (Crew/Rebel) Reissued in Millennium Falcon Expansion Pack

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit Card: Cassian Andor — UT-60D U-Wing

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit Card: Cassian Andor (Crew)

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit Card: Chewbacca (Crew/Rebel) Reissued in Millennium Falcon Expansion Pack

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit Card: "Chopper" (Astromech) Reissued in Ghost Expansion Pack

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit Card: "Chopper" (Crew) Reissued in Ghost Expansion Pack

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit Card: Ezra Bridger (Gunner)

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit Card: Ghost Reissued in Ghost Expansion Pack

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit Card: Han Solo (Gunner/Rebel) Reissued in Millennium Falcon Expansion Pack

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit Card: Jyn Erso

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit Card: Kanan Jarrus (Crew) Reissued in Ghost Expansion Pack

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit Card: Lando Calrissian — Modified YT-1300 Light Freighter Reissued in Millennium Falcon Expansion Pack

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit Card: Lando Calrissian (Crew/Rebel) Reissued in Millennium Falcon and YT-2400 Light Freighter Expansion Packs

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit Card: Leia Organa (Crew/Rebel) Reissued in Millennium Falcon Expansion Pack

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit Card: Luke Skywalker (Gunner) Reissued in Millennium Falcon Expansion Pack

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit Card: Millennium Falcon Reissued in Millennium Falcon Expansion Pack

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit Card: Nien Nunb (Crew) Reissued in Millennium Falcon Expansion Pack

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit Card: R2-D2 (Crew) Reissued in Millennium Falcon Expansion Pack

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit Card: Rebel Scout — HWK-290 Light Freighter

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit Card: Sabine Wren (Crew)

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit Card: "Zeb" Orrelios (Crew) Reissued in Ghost Expansion Pack

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit Card: Moldy Crow

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — T-65 X-Wing Expansion Pack Card: Selfless Reissued in Rebel Alliance Conversion Kit

Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition

Star Wars: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious

Star Wars: Women of the Galaxy

Star Wars: Droidography

Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide

2018 Topps Finest Star Wars Card: Bo-Katan Kryze

Star Wars: Build Your Own X-Wing 24 Starfighter Aces: CR-978 — Elite But Expendable

Star Wars: The Black Series Archive (Pack: Bossk ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: Build Your Own X-Wing 28 Starfighter Aces: K-2SO — Reprogrammed as a Rebel

Star Wars Character Encyclopedia, New Edition

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts : The Rebellion on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Allies and Adversaries

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts : The Empire on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Rise of the Separatists

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts : The Death Star on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars By the Numbers : Every Droid in Star Wars on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars: How Not to Get Eaten by Ewoks and Other Galactic Survival Skills

Star Wars: Creatures Big & Small (Picture only)

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75258 Anakin's Podracer - 20th Anniversary Edition )

LEGO Star Wars (Set: 75243 Slave I - 20th Anniversary Edition )

Ultimate Star Wars, New Edition

Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures Fun Facts : The First Order on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( backup link )

Star Wars By the Numbers : Every Type of Ship in Rebels on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Rebel Starfighters Owners' Workshop Manual

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Huge Ship Conversion Kit

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Huge Ship Conversion Kit Card: Carlist Rieekan Reissued in Tantive IV Expansion Pack

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Huge Ship Conversion Kit Card: Echo Base Evacuees — GR-75 Medium Transport

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Huge Ship Conversion Kit Card: Jan Dodonna Reissued in Tantive IV Expansion Pack

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Huge Ship Conversion Kit Card: Raymus Antilles Reissued in Tantive IV Expansion Pack

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Huge Ship Conversion Kit Card: Stalwart Captain Reissued in Tantive IV , C-ROC Cruiser , and Trident -class Assault Ship Expansion Packs

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Jedi

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Alexsandr Kallus

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Chief Chirpa

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Colonel Yularen

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Darth Vader

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Farns Monsbee

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: General Jan Dodonna

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Gooti Terez

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Grand Admiral Thrawn

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Jyn Erso

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: K-2SO

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Luke Skywalker

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Princess Leia

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Tessek

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series , Card: Wicket W. Warrick

Star Wars: Build Your Own X-Wing 62 Starfighter Aces: R2-D2 — Going Solo

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Galactic Guide

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary

Star Wars: Dark Side Rising

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — Hotshots and Aces Reinforcements Pack Card: K-2SO (Crew)

Starships and Speeders

"Unfinished Business" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 97

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #28: Governor Pryce (backup link not available)

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #50: Mon Mothma (backup link not available)

2020 Topps Women of Star Wars Card: #93: Toryn Farr (backup link not available)

The Art of Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker

"Old Friends Not Forgotten" Episode Guide | The Clone Wars on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Directing "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Legacy "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Cast "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Practical "

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Process "

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: Topps' Women of Star Wars , Card: Corporal Timker

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Connections "

Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge: Traveler's Guide to Batuu

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Admiral Raddus

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Bistan

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Cara Dune

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Darth Vader

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Dengar

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Fenn Rau

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: General Draven

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: General Merrick

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: General Veers

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Hondo Ohnaka

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Ketsu Onyo

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Lieutenant Endicott

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Princess Leia

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: R2-D2

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: RX-24

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Ryder Azadi

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Stormtrooper

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2020 Base Series 2 , Card: Tauntaun

" Imperial Troops " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" R2-D2 " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: The Lightsaber Collection

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2021 Base

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2021 Base , Card: Admiral Ackbar

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2021 Base , Card: Cara Dune

"Sanctuary" Episode Guide | The Mandalorian on StarWars.com ( backup link )

"The Prisoner" Episode Guide | The Mandalorian on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars: X-Wing Second Edition — TIE/rb Heavy Expansion Pack Card: "Rampage" — TIE/rb Heavy (Picture only)

Star Wars Complete Vehicles, New Edition

" Republic, Rebel, and Resistance Starfighters " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

The Art of Star Wars: The Mandalorian Season One

The Mandalorian: Allies & Enemies

" The Battle of Hoth and the Second Death Star " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Database " — Star Wars - Das offizielle Magazin 100

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Making of Season Two "

Star Wars: The Vintage Collection (Pack: #178: Darth Vader ) ( backup link )

" The Final Order and the Battle of Exegol " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" C-3PO " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: The Black Series Archive (Pack: Grand Admiral Thrawn ) ( backup link )

Star Wars A to Z : Sabine on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars : Card Trader Set: 2021 Base - Series 2 , Card: Jek Porkins

Star Wars A to Z : Lando on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars: The Vintage Collection (Pack: #022: Admiral Ackbar ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Vintage Collection (Pack: #095: Luke Skywalker (Hoth) ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: Retro Collection (Pack: Cara Dune ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga – The Official Collector's Edition

The Mandalorian: Magnetic Fun (Mentioned only)

Star Wars: The Mandalorian : Guide to Season One

Star Wars: The Vintage Collection (Pack: #062: Han Solo (Endor) ) ( backup link )

"Return To Kamino" Episode Guide | The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Inside Intel: The Death Star on StarWars.com ( article ) ( backup link )

Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian — " Making of the Season 2 Finale "

Star Wars: The Vintage Collection (Pack: #198: Luke Skywalker (Endor) ) ( backup link )

" Tobias Beckett and Other Characters of the Underworld " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: The Vintage Collection (Pack: #204: Antoc Merrick's X-Wing Fighter ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Sith

Star Wars: The Black Series ( Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Figure: #01: Jyn Erso ) ( backup link ) (Indirect mention only)

Star Wars: The Black Series ( Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Figure: #03: K-2SO ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Black Series ( The Power of the Force Figure: Han Solo ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: Battles that Changed the Galaxy

Star Wars: The Mandalorian Handbook

Under the Helmet: The Legacy of Boba Fett

Star Wars: The Black Series ( Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Figure: #02: Captain Cassian Andor ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Black Series ( Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Figure: #06: Bodhi Rook ) ( backup link )

Star Wars : Best of 2021 on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Droids Guide to a Galaxy Far, Far Away

Star Wars: The Black Series Archive (Pack: Princess Leia ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Vintage Collection (Pack: #088: Rebel Soldier (Echo Base Battle Gear) ) ( backup link )

" Ahsoka Tano and Other Users of the Force " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" General Equipment (2) " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars: List It! : Faithful Friends on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Star Wars: The Black Series ( Star Wars: A New Hope Figure: #01: Princess Leia Organa (Yavin 4) ) ( backup link )

Star Wars: The Black Series ( Star Wars: The Mandalorian Figure: Trapper Wolf ) ( backup link )

" Pilots of the Rebel Alliance " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

" Crime and Punishment " — Star Wars Insider 209

Diego Luna and Genevieve O'Reilly Take The Stage At SWCA 2022 | Star Wars Celebration Live! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link )

Andor | Teaser Trailer | Disney+ on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars Celebration LIVE! – DAY 1 on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

SWCA 2022: 5 Highlights from the Andor Teaser Trailer on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: Andor Teaser Trailer, Release Date Revealed on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 20 Highlights from Lucasfilm's Studio Showcase on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 6 Things We Learned From the Light & Magic Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 7 Things We Learned from the Lucasfilm Publishing Behind the Page Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SWCA 2022: 7 Things We Learned from the Star Wars: Hunters Panel on StarWars.com ( backup link )

The Story of the Ronin Continues and More from Marvel's September 2022 Star Wars Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Star Wars Full Circle : Obi-Wan Kenobi on the official Star Wars Kids YouTube channel ( original link is obsolete)

Luke Skywalker and Leia Organa Talk Family in Star Wars: The Princess and the Scoundrel – Exclusive Excerpt on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Explore Jedha of the High Republic Era and More from Marvel's October 2022 Star Wars Comics – Exclusive Preview on StarWars.com ( backup link )

As His 100th Star Wars Comic Hits Shelves, Charles Soule Looks Back on StarWars.com ( backup link )

Inside the Lucasfilm Archive: A Brewing Rebellion in the Obi-Wan Kenobi Limited Series on StarWars.com ( backup link )

SDCC 2022: Andor Costumes Revealed at the Lucasfilm Pavilion on StarWars.com ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars Marvel Star Wars #27, MothMadness, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

This Week! in Star Wars Disney+ Day, Saw Gerrera 101, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Andor Actor Genevieve O'Reilly on the Legacy of Mon Mothma on StarWars.com ( backup link )

This Week! in Star Wars Tales of the Jedi Poster Art, Mon Mothma Arrives in Andor, and More! on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

Star Wars: The Secrets of the Bounty Hunters

Star Wars 100 Objects

Star Wars Outlaws™ Opens Up a Galaxy of Opportunity on Ubisoft 's official website ( June 11 , 2023 ) ( backup link ) (Mentioned only)

Star Wars Outlaws Revealed: Get the First Details on Ubisoft's Open-World Star Wars Game on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Mentioned only)

" A Certain Point of View " — Star Wars Insider 219

" Launchpad " — Star Wars Insider 220 (Mentioned only)

" This is Obi-Wan " — Star Wars: Meet the Galactic Heroes

" A Certain Point of View " — Star Wars Insider 223

Star Wars: Return of The Jedi : The 40th Anniversary Special Edition

Star Wars Outlaws: Behind The Scenes – Navigating the Underworld on the official Ubisoft YouTube channel ( backup link )

Ensuing Instigations on Arena News ( original site is defunct)

Star Wars Bestiary, Vol. 1: Creatures of the Galaxy

Star Wars Encyclopedia: The Comprehensive Guide to the Star Wars Galaxy

Game On: A Look at Sabacc and Dejarik on StarWars.com ( backup link ) (Mentioned only)

Free Comic Book Day 2025: Star Wars 1

Behind Unlimited: Lessons and Accomplishments of 2024 on Star Wars : Unlimited's official website ( backup link )

7 Ways Andor Changes How We Watch Rogue One: A Star Wars Story on StarWars.com ( backup link )

The Art of Star Wars: Outlaws

2-1B Droid in the Databank ( backup link ) (Picture only)

A-wing Fighter in the Databank ( backup link )

A280 Blaster Rifle in the Databank ( backup link )

A300 blaster rifle in the Databank ( backup link )

Admiral Ackbar in the Databank ( backup link )

Admiral Ozzel in the Databank ( backup link )

Admiral Piett in the Databank ( backup link )

Admiral Raddus in the Databank ( backup link )

Aeosians in the Databank ( backup link )

Aftab Ackbar in the Databank ( backup link ) (Indirect mention only)

Ahsoka Tano in the Databank ( backup link )

Ajan Kloss in the Databank ( backup link )

Ajan Kloss Resistance Base in the Databank ( backup link )

Alderaan in the Databank ( backup link )

Alderaan Cruiser in the Databank ( backup link )

Alexsandr Kallus in the Databank ( backup link )

Alliance High Command in the Databank ( backup link )

Anakin Skywalker in the Databank ( backup link )

Asteroid Belt Gas Refinery in the Databank ( backup link )

AT-AT Pilots in the Databank ( backup link )

AT-AT Walker (All Terrain Armored Transport) in the Databank ( backup link )

AT-DP Walker in the Databank ( backup link )

Atollon in the Databank ( backup link )

B-wing Fighter in the Databank ( backup link )

Bail Organa in the Databank ( backup link )

Base One in the Databank ( backup link )

Bespin in the Databank ( backup link )

Biggs Darklighter in the Databank ( backup link )

Bistan in the Databank ( backup link )

Bright Tree Village in the Databank ( backup link )

C-3PO (See-Threepio) in the Databank ( backup link )

C2-B5 in the Databank ( backup link )

Caluan Ematt in the Databank ( backup link )

Cara Dune in the Databank ( backup link )

Chewbacca in the Databank ( backup link )

Cleat in the Databank ( backup link )

Cloud City in the Databank ( backup link )

Crait Rebel base in the Databank ( backup link )

D'Qar in the Databank ( backup link )

Dak Ralter in the Databank ( backup link )

Dantooine in the Databank ( backup link )

Darth Vader in the Databank ( backup link )

Death Star in the Databank ( backup link )

Death Star II in the Databank ( backup link )

Derek "Hobbie" Klivian in the Databank ( backup link )

Dyro Felldor in the Databank ( backup link )

Echo Base in the Databank ( backup link )

Emperor Palpatine/Darth Sidious in the Databank ( backup link )

Erskin Semaj in the Databank ( backup link )

Ewok in the Databank ( backup link )

Executor in the Databank ( backup link )

Galactic Empire in the Databank ( backup link )

Galactic Senate in the Databank ( backup link )

Galen Erso in the Databank ( backup link )

General Pitt Onoran in the Databank ( backup link )

General Rieekan in the Databank ( backup link )

General Tagge in the Databank ( backup link )

Givin in the Databank ( backup link )

GR-75 Medium Transport in the Databank ( backup link )

Hammerhead Corvette in the Databank ( backup link )

Han Solo in the Databank ( backup link )

Home One in the Databank ( backup link )

Hoth in the Databank ( backup link )

Imperial Death Troopers in the Databank ( backup link )

Imperial Star Destroyer in the Databank ( backup link )

Jarek Yeager in the Databank ( backup link )

Lando Calrissian in the Databank ( backup link )

Lieutenant Dicer in the Databank ( backup link )

Lindon Javes in the Databank ( backup link )

Luke Skywalker in the Databank ( backup link )

Medal of Yavin in the Databank ( backup link )

Millennium Falcon in the Databank ( backup link )

Mon Calamari in the Databank ( backup link )

Mon Calamari star cruiser in the Databank ( backup link )

Mon Mothma in the Databank ( backup link )

Moroff in the Databank ( backup link )

Obi-Wan Kenobi in the Databank ( backup link )

Princess Leia Organa in the Databank ( backup link )

Proton Torpedo in the Databank ( backup link )

Queen Breha Organa in the Databank ( backup link )

R2-D2 in the Databank ( backup link )

Rebel Alliance in the Databank ( backup link )

Rebel insignia ring in the Databank ( backup link )

Rebel Pilots in the Databank ( backup link )

Rebel Troopers in the Databank ( backup link )

Rebellion Outpost on Aeos in the Databank ( backup link )

Resistance Pilots in the Databank ( backup link )

Sana Starros in the Databank ( backup link )

Snowspeeder in the Databank ( backup link )

Stormtroopers in the Databank ( backup link )

T-85 X-wing in the Databank ( backup link )

The Force in the Databank ( backup link )

The New Republic in the Databank ( backup link )

The Raddus in the Databank ( backup link )

TIE fighter in the Databank ( backup link )

Venisa Doza in the Databank ( backup link )

Wampa in the Databank ( backup link )

Wedge Antilles in the Databank ( backup link )

Wes Janson in the Databank ( backup link )

Wicket W. Warrick in the Databank ( backup link )

Wobani in the Databank ( backup link )

X-wing Starfighter in the Databank ( backup link )

Y-wing Starfighter in the Databank ( backup link )

Yavin 4 in the Databank ( backup link )

Yoda in the Databank ( backup link )

Non-canon sources [ ]

LEGO Star Wars: Build Your Own Adventure

Notes and references [ ]

↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 1.6 Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope

↑ 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 2.6 Star Wars Rebels — " Secret Cargo "

↑ 3.0 3.1 Star Wars Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy

↑ " Epilogue " — Empire Ascendant 1

↑ 5.0 5.1 Star Wars (2015) 4

↑ 6.00 6.01 6.02 6.03 6.04 6.05 6.06 6.07 6.08 6.09 6.10 6.11 6.12 6.13 6.14 6.15 6.16 6.17 Star Wars: The Rebel Files

↑ 7.0 7.1 7.2 7.3 7.4 7.5 Star Wars: Rogue One: The Ultimate Visual Guide

↑ 8.0 8.1 8.2 Lost Stars

↑ Star Wars (2015) 44

↑ 10.0 10.1 10.2 10.3 10.4 10.5 Star Wars : Episode V The Empire Strikes Back

↑ 11.0 11.1 11.2 11.3 11.4 11.5 11.6 Rebel Alliance in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 12.0 12.1 12.2 Dawn of Rebellion

↑ 13.0 13.1 13.2 Star Wars: Andor — " Messenger "

↑ 14.0 14.1 14.2 Rogue One: A Star Wars Story

↑ " The Heroes of Rogue One " — Star Wars Encyclopedia establishes that the Rebel Alliance was formed by rebel cells that were coordinating and established a political and military hierarchy five years before the Battle of Yavin . Since Star Wars: Galactic Atlas establishes that the battle took placed in 0 BBY , this established network must have been formed in 5 BBY .

↑ Star Wars: On the Front Lines states that the Declaration of the Rebel Alliance took place two years before the Battle of Yavin. Since the battle of Yavin occurred in 0 BBY according to Star Wars: Galactic Atlas , it can be deduced that the Declaration of the Rebel Alliance took place in 2 BBY.

↑ 17.0 17.1 17.2 17.3 Star Wars: Galactic Atlas

↑ 18.0 18.1 18.2 18.3 Aftermath

↑ 19.0 19.1 Star Wars: The Clone Wars — " A War on Two Fronts "

↑ Star Wars : Episode II Attack of the Clones

↑ 21.0 21.1 Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Sith

↑ 22.0 22.1 Bail Organa in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Mon Mothma in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Meena Tills in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 25.0 25.1 A New Dawn

↑ 26.0 26.1 26.2 26.3 26.4 Tarkin

↑ 27.0 27.1 27.2 27.3 Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Infiltration "

↑ Darth Vader (2017) 13

↑ Star Wars: Andor — " Nobody's Listening! "

↑ Rogue One Adaptation 1

↑ 31.0 31.1 Reign of the Empire: The Mask of Fear

↑ The events of Reign of the Empire: The Mask of Fear begin weeks after the events of Star Wars : Episode III Revenge of the Sith and span no more than a few months . As the events of Revenge of the Sith are dated to 19 BBY by Star Wars: Timelines , The Mask of Fear must be set around that year .

↑ Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " The Solitary Clone "

↑ Star Wars: The Bad Batch — " Common Ground "

↑ Per the reasoning here , Season 2 of Star Wars: The Bad Batch takes place around 18 BBY . The tally marks made by Omega in The Bad Batch Season 3's first episode, " Confined ," indicate the episode must take place at least twenty-one standard days following her capture as depicted in the Season 2 episode " Plan 99 ." According to "Confined" Trivia Guide | Star Wars The Bad Batch on StarWars.com ( backup link ) , Omega spends about 164 further days in captivity by the end of "Confined." As such, the events of Season 3 must begin around 18 BBY .

↑ 37.0 37.1 Star Wars: Andor — " Rix Road "

↑ 38.0 38.1 38.2 38.3 38.4 38.5 Star Wars Rebels — " Fire Across the Galaxy "

↑ 39.0 39.1 Star Wars: Andor — " Announcement "

↑ 40.0 40.1 40.2 Star Wars: Andor — " Aldhani "

↑ Star Wars: On the Front Lines

↑ Star Wars: The Mask of Fear (Reign of the Empire) on Penguin Random House's official website ( backup link )

↑ Andor Explained: Episodes 10-12 - "Make It Stop", "Who Else Knows?", and "Jedha, Kyber, Erso" on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars: Andor — " Who Else Knows? "

↑ 45.0 45.1 Star Wars: Andor — " Nobody's Listening! "

↑ 46.0 46.1 Star Wars: Andor — " Announcement "

↑ 47.0 47.1 47.2 Star Wars: Andor — " Daughter of Ferrix "

↑ 48.0 48.1 Star Wars: Andor — " One Way Out "

↑ Andor Analyzed: 5 Highlights from Episode 9, "Nobody's Listening!" on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ 50.0 50.1 Star Wars: Andor — " Narkina 5 "

↑ 51.0 51.1 51.2 Star Wars Rebels — " In the Name of the Rebellion "

↑ Rebels Recon #1.14: Inside "Fire Across the Galaxy" | Star Wars Rebels on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

↑ Star Wars Rebels: Spark of Rebellion

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Call to Action "

↑ 55.0 55.1 Leia, Princess of Alderaan

↑ 56.0 56.1 Star Wars Rebels: The Siege of Lothal

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Relics of the Old Republic "

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Wings of the Master "

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Stealth Strike "

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " The Future of the Force "

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Legacy "

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " A Princess on Lothal "

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " The Protector of Concord Dawn "

↑ 64.0 64.1 Star Wars Rebels — " Homecoming "

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " The Forgotten Droid "

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " The Mystery of Chopper Base "

↑ Star Wars: Andor — " Make It Stop " dates itself to 1 BBY .

↑ Star Wars: Andor — " Welcome to the Rebellion "

↑ 69.0 69.1 Star Wars: Build the Millennium Falcon 37 Guide to the Galaxy: Visiting Dantooine

↑ Dantooine in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ Star Wars Rebels: Steps Into Shadow

↑ 73.0 73.1 Star Wars Rebels — " The Antilles Extraction "

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " The Honorable Ones "

↑ Rebels Recon #3.03: Inside "The Antilles Extraction" | Star Wars Rebels on the official Star Wars YouTube channel ( backup link ) ( Posted on StarWars.com )

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Imperial Supercommandos "

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Iron Squadron "

↑ 78.0 78.1 Star Wars Rebels — " An Inside Man "

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Ghosts of Geonosis "

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Warhead "

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Through Imperial Eyes "

↑ Star Wars: Andor — " Welcome to the Rebellion "

↑ 83.0 83.1 83.2 Star Wars: Timelines

↑ 84.0 84.1 Rogue One: A Star Wars Story novelization

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Double Agent Droid "

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Twin Suns "

↑ 87.0 87.1 87.2 Bloodline

↑ " The Heroes of Rogue One " — Star Wars Encyclopedia

↑ 90.0 90.1 90.2 90.3 90.4 90.5 Star Wars Rebels — " Zero Hour "

↑ Star Wars Rebels: Heroes of Mandalore

↑ 92.0 92.1 92.2 Princess Leia 1

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " The Occupation "

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Rebel Assault "

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Jedi Knight "

↑ Star Wars: Andor — " Jedha, Kyber, Erso "

↑ " Heroes of the Rebellion " — From a Certain Point of View: The Empire Strikes Back

↑ Darth Vader in the Databank ( backup link )

↑ 99.0 99.1 99.2 Heir to the Jedi

↑ " The Angle " — From a Certain Point of View

↑ Star Wars (2015) 55

↑ Star Wars: Build the Millennium Falcon 34 Secrets of Spaceflight: Refuelling

↑ Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Incredible Cross-Sections

↑ 104.00 104.01 104.02 104.03 104.04 104.05 104.06 104.07 104.08 104.09 104.10 104.11 104.12 104.13 Battlefront: Twilight Company

↑ 105.0 105.1 105.2 Star Wars (2015) 1

↑ 106.0 106.1 106.2 106.3 Star Wars (2015) 4

↑ 107.0 107.1 Star Wars (2015) 3

↑ 108.0 108.1 Star Wars: Vader Down

↑ 110.0 110.1 110.2 110.3 110.4 110.5 Moving Target: A Princess Leia Adventure

↑ Star Wars (2020) 26

↑ Star Wars (2020) 28

↑ Star Wars Battlefront II

↑ 114.0 114.1 114.2 114.3 114.4 114.5 Star Wars : Episode VI Return of the Jedi

↑ 115.0 115.1 115.2 Shattered Empire 1

↑ Star Wars Battlefront : Battle of Jakku DLC

↑ Star Wars: The Mandalorian — " Chapter 4: Sanctuary "

↑ Star Wars : Episode VII The Force Awakens

↑ Star Wars: Timelines dates the events of Bloodline to 28 ABY

↑ 121.0 121.1 The Weapon of a Jedi: A Luke Skywalker Adventure

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " Out of Darkness "

↑ Star Wars Helmet Collection : Rebel Commando Helmets: Rebel Commando

↑ Star Wars Complete Vehicles, New Edition

↑ Star Wars: Squadrons

↑ Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope

↑ Star Wars Battlefront II

↑ Star Wars Rebels — " The Antilles Extraction "

↑ 129.0 129.1 Clone Wars Download : Sowing the Seeds of Rebellion on StarWars.com ( backup link )

↑ The Making of Star Wars: The Definitive Story Behind the Original Film

Rebel Alliance on Wikipedia

Alliance to Restore the Republic

Alliance to Restore the Republic